---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2013-08-12T16:43:04Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=2001
id: 2001
title: Parker
url: /?p=2001
---

Ania had a young dog named Parker. Parker sometimes got sick but it was not severe. When Nasha and Sam bullied Ania, a flush of disappointment and anger raged in her. As she went back home, she would go to her room upset, and her dog would come running to her. Parker would lick her all over Annia, it made her feel better. But it did not happen today. With in a minute Ania's mother came in with a box with her eyes filled with tears. Ania slowly opened the box. There was Parker's leash and collar! Ania was confused. How could her dog's leash and collar end up in a box? Her mother explained that Parker ran in to a car and she died. Ania dropped her head down and very upset. Weeks later Ania tried to forget the pain of losing her pet. One day when Nasha and Sam were bullying Ania she remembered Parker. With all her strength she wanted to stood up for the bullies, then a dog nudged Ania on her leg. Then it started barking at the bullies. Then Sam and Nasha were scared by the ferocious barking and ran away. Ania looked for the dogs owner. But the dog did not have a collar, so she figured out it was a stray dog. The dog followed Ania until home. Ania pleaded her mother to keep the dog. Her mother accepted on one condition. The condition was, if the owner comes looking for the dog, Ania has to return the dog. No owner came looking for the dog and Ania was very happy. She named the dog Parker!