---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2013-08-17T14:25:34Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=2081
id: 2081
title: Scratch
url: /?p=2081
---

Amber was acting helplessly to the puzzle.She was annoyed because her sister Charlotte had gone out to play. Amber asked her mother to be excused out of the puzzle. She finally went outside and looked in her garage. Amber decided to ride her bike. She pulled her bike down the steep driveway, careful not to fall. After Amber was finished pulling her bike down, and rode her bike to Alissa's drive way. Amber thought that Alissa's driveway was flat and easy to ride on. Amber happily rode and suddenly she scratched the car on the driveway. The scratch was about as long as a pencil! Amber felt scared and ran to tell her mother. As Amber's mother heard this, she was very disappointed. Amber started crying. Amber's mom insisted Amber to go to Alissa's house to tell them about the big scratch. Alissa's mom and grandma came out to check the scratch. Amber cried harder with the feeling of fear and disappointment mixed together. After awhile, Alissa's mother and grandmother came and said they had to fix the scratch. Amber's mom called the repair shop with disappointment. The lady at the repair shop said that very few kids tell the truth. The lady also said that Amber's mother had a wonderful and honest kid. Amber's mother paid for the car repair. Amber's mom also said that she was proud of Amber's honesty. Amber promised to herself that if there was any car on Alissa's driveway, she would not ride her bike there. Amber thought, ALWAYS TELL THE TRUTH EVEN IF IT HURTS YOU.