---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2013-08-19T15:18:00Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=2341
id: 2341
title: Two Bells
url: /?p=2341
---

Anna Maria squinted at the bell her wise grandmother gave her. It looked old. It was morning, and her grandmother's banner glowed in the sunlight.  "Old bell ha? " Anna Maria's grand mother said, reading her expressions. Then grandmother started telling about The Student Council when she was young.  "Our student Council elected some people to make bells to hang in the classrooms and I was chosen to make this bell ".  "But why do you need bells in your classrooms? Is it a tradition to hang a bell? "Anna Maria asked.Her grandmother replied,  "It would be easier for the classroom to ring the bell when each period was over because we didn't have any clocks to tell the time ".  "But how you got the bell from your classroom? " Anna Maria asked.  "My teacher gave a piece of paper and asked us to write names. Then she put all the slips in a bag and picked a name, which was mine. " grandmother said. Anna Maria said, "Thanks Grandmother Blacksmith. " They both laughed. Then Anna Maria left with the bell to her house.
  
Anna Maria left the bell on the countertop in the kitchen and went to bed. In the night Anna Maria was in deep sleep. She had a dream of bell all over the house. In her dream bell fell down. The bell had a crack from the fall. The next morning Anna Maria jumped out of her bed and ran downstairs. She found the on the floor with a crack. Anna Maria picked up the bell and cried. Her mother tried to console her. Then Anna Maria told her mother that she is feeling bad about breaking her grandmother's favorite bell. Anna Maria's mother called grandma and told her the bell was broken. She also said how Anna Maria was feeling about the cracked bell.
  
A month later Anna Maria received a package from grandmother. It was stamped with the picture of a Cracked bell. Anna Maria ripped open the package and found a new sparkling bell. Anna Maria is very happy. She found out that her grandmother made the new bell. She phoned her grandmother and thanked her. Anna Maria kept the bell in her room and new bell never broke until her cat Violet knocked over the bell!.