---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2013-07-18T20:04:49Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=1851
id: 1851
title: The Vampire's Vacation
url: /?p=1851
---

In the supermarket Josh finds a man who is very strange and looked like a vampire. Josh, Dink, Ruth Rose followed the strange man with in Josh's idea. When they followed him outside, they saw him going in Ellie's Diner but he never comes out. So Josh is persistent about finding about the mystery man. They went to the Ellie's diner.When they talked to Ellie about the man, they saw a round bandage on her neck. Then the kids saw him going to the Book Nook! The kids went to the Book Nook but the strange man disappeared again. The kids realized that in the book shop, a book about vampires is stolen. They observed Mr.Paskey(owner of the Book Nook) also has the same kind of bandage like Ellie.Since the Vampire man was staying in Shangri-La hotel, Dink, Josh, and Ruth Rose went to find the man. Mr Linkletter (Hotel Manager) told them the mystery man's name is Dr. A .Cula. Strange thing is Mr.Linkletter also had the same bandage as Ellie and Mr. Paskey! On the way out they met Livy, who used to be Ruth Rose's baby sitter. Livy told them that Dr.Cula (mystery man's name) was from New York. Livy also told them that Dr. Cula slept with cold ir conditioning and had a cape for his blanket. The kids figured out that Dr.A. Cula spelled  "DRACULA ". They went to Officer Fallon (police chief) told him about Dr. Cula. Officer Fallon told the kids that he would talk to Dr. Cula.Ruth Rose called them to come to the Shangri - La hotel because she figured out who Dr. Cula really was. Mr Linkletter allowed them to look for Dr. Cula and Ruth Rose in room 202 when Dink and Josh arrived. When they to room 202 they discovered that Dr. Cula and Ruth Rose were not there. They found a list of 6 people name. They found the same kind of bandages that Ellie, Mr. Paskey, and Mr. Linkletter was wearing.When the boys were about to come out of the room, they heard the elevator doors opened. Dink and Josh hid inside the closet in the cape. Then the closed doors opened by Ruth Rose. The boys found out that the mystery man's name real name was Jimmy Jett. He is an actor visiting Green Lawn. He was playing a prank on the kids with the help of Mr. Paskey, Ellie, and Mr. Linkletter. Mr. Jimmy told Josh that he got idea to play the prank when Josh was following him. Also, Jimmy told the boys in the movie named Dracula's Daughter, he played the role of the dracula. Then Jimmy Jett invited the kids to watch his new movie.