---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-04-16T17:14:33Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=4991
id: 4991
title: Equality
url: /?p=4991
---

I was a knight. A training knight, to be specific. There are lots of other training knights, and GLADIATORS. Our school is called Knights And Armor.
  
{mar-veena-fill-eea} It is really awesome for a 17 year old like me to enjoy. There are armor rooms, sword rooms, and practice rooms. This is my 2nd year here. I started when I was 16. There are also long, twisting, hallways.  "Richardson! " I quickly turned.  "Professor Madinea! " I bowed.  "There is no use of daydreaming! Go to your class! "  "Where? " I stuttered.  "Room 33! Now step on it! " I hastily ran through the hallways with mixed feelings of desperation and embarrasment. Then, I bumped into jolly old Marvil. Marvil bugs everyone in his path. He is a jolly fellow, all right, but sometimes he can be annoying.  "Hello! Now, now, now. Who do we have here? Jolly old Marvil can't remember everything. Isn't that right, my boy? " I sqirmed in my armor. I was afraid that Professer Madinea. Finally, I found my voice.  "I have to go to Practice 33! "  "Huh? " said Marvil.  "Professer 33! I didn't know that there was a Professor 33 in this school " Finally, I got to the classroom.  "Hello Richardson! Go and explore anything you'd like! " That was Professor Hanilea. I explored the swords, armor, it was so beautiful. After 15 minutes, we were supposed to stop. We were taught to perfectly swing a sword, and how to chose a page boy to put on our armor. I felt bad for them. We took up our books and were told to read page 14 to 18. It talked about the obstacles in war.  "This is our next lesson. " Our teacher said. We packed up our books and left to our homeroom.  "Why did you come so late? " said Douglsss. I motioned that I was daydreaming. He nodded. I recalled how I felt. We went to our homerooms. Phew! We left school. I trudged homeward. Gladiators think that they have a better job. They think that they fight bigger wars and knights are inferior. It is really annoying. That is why the Gladiators pick on us. I wish that knights and Gladiators had the same equality. Then, there would be no fights. I drew a picture of a horse that I would choose to ride when I am out of training. The horse that I drew may not be there, but I can choose one relating to it. The genre. I flopped down on my desk and sighed. It is really hard to be a knight. I wrote a description to match my dream horse. MY DREAM HORSE IS A BLACK HORSE WITH BLACK HAIR AND A DIAMOND ON IT'S FOREHEAD. I like writing descriptions that match a picture. It is organized that way. I like things organized. So does my mother. She works everyday, trying to pick up scraps. I try to tell her to take it easy, but she doesn't listen. And my father-he is dead because of war. He died when I was 10 years old. Boys have to go to war. I wish that I did not have to. I makes me nervous. Suddenly, I saw the mailman. I wonder why the mailman is here! Usually, the mailman is not here at this time. This is very strange. I ran outside to watch. I heard the parchment paper crinkle as he carefully put the paper in the mail box. As soon as he left, I jumped down the steps and carefully placed the letter on a brick. I gently tore the envelope on it's opening. I suddenly saw a flash of gold. It was a golden piece of parchment! I never, ever, saw a golden piece of parchment! The gold dazzled my eyes, so I almost fell asleep. I forced my eyes to stay open, then read.

Dear Richardson,
  
There is a dragon at Valley Hill. It is very dangerous. Take Douglass with you to defeat it. Take Alex and Beanie with you if you can't fight the dragon.

Good Luck,
  
I wrinkled my nose when I read  "Beanie " because he stank bad. Alex is the one who always bully me when I am in his path. Why them? I don't like them! I have a stinker, and a bully. Yuck! I want to defeat the dragon so I won't have to meet them. I will be holding my nose and standing to the side. I ran to Douglass's house and knocked on the door. Douglass answered, luckily.  "Douglass! Come to my house! I have some thing to show you! " I ran on the cobble stone path with my heart beat thumping. As soon as we got to the first step in front of the door, I took up the letter and quickly read it. When I was finished, Douglass was gasping. So was I. We both would set out at sunrise. Douglass went back home, and I went upstairs to do my knight homework, which was practicing how to swing a sword. We learned it today, and I was so late that I almost missed it. Phew! That was a close call. Right after exploring, which was 5 minutes, we learned how to swing a sword. Also, I only got a minute of exploring. I shouldn't have day dreamed.  "Richardson! Dinner Time! " Wow! I literally jumped out of my armor! I was shaken when I went down the steps. I slowly ate my dinner of gruel. I love that dinner. It is food from the Medieval Times. Tragedy would come. Big tragedy.

The next morning, I ran to Douglass's house. I did not spontaneously ring the gong because Douglass might have not been awake. Then, I waited till 6:00. I rang the door bell. I wonder if he forgot that the normal time to wake up was 4:00. BONG! BONG! I rang the gong.   Douglass came running to the door, with a clear, jovial, face. Douglass is really spontaneous about things. I bet he slept at 6:00 last night. I reminded him about the dragon and he changed from his pajamas to his silver armor. I already dressed in the uncomfortable armor, so we could just go. We hiked up Valley Hill. We approached a forest.  "The Dark Forest! " said Douglass, quivering in fear and clutching his shiny sword. That action had sent a bone chill through my spine. I weakly stood up and took small steps toward the tall redwood oaks. This, was where the dragon lived. I had never gone here ever before. Suddenly, the ground trembled with a deafening roar that shook all the sturdy trees. It was so loud! I shook and clutched Douglass's hand.  "Let us be brave, Richardson, we have no other choice. " I tried to shake off the tears of sadness to leave everyone to this fear. I also cried because the great friendship between us. The wind rusted through the trees as I sadly looked back at our town, prepared to suffer the great battle of the dragon. I was so sad that I forgot about the itchy armor I had on. I am just a 17 year old, and I can't bear so much fear. But I had to face it, no matter what. I trampled through the forest, with sticks and soft moss covering the ground. Suddenly, another deafening roar filled the forest. It was much louder, that now we were in the forest. We followed the echos to a cave. The dragon's den! We hid behind a rock covered with moss. Another deafening roar came from the cave. Wow! That was so loud! A pointy thing hovered at the opening of the cave. the dragon came out. Douglass almost fainted. I almost froze like ice. The dragon was red, with eyes that shone like fire. The wings must have been 100 feet! The wingspan was really long. I crouched lower behind the rock. Suddenly, a deafening roar literally split my ears. The dragon had shot fire from it's flared up nostrils! I held my breath in fear, while waiting for what the dragon would do next. I accidently jerked, which pushed Douglass over. Suddenly, the dragon turned our side. It had seen us!   I felt so ashamed to tip Douglass over so the dragon could see us. I wondered what Douglass would say. A ferocious battle began. The dragon picked me up with his wings, lifting me up about 8 feet in the air. He suddenly dropped me, which sent me straight to the ground. The dragon turned away, looking proud. I was on the ground, unconcious from the high drop.

I woke up. I found Douglass, next to me.  "You're alive! " Douglass said, gasping with happiness. I stared at Douglass, with grief. We would have to meet Alex and Beanie. A skunk, [Beanie smells like that] and a bully. How could I face them? Douglass understood and wrinkled his nose in reply. Douglass and a laughed. I stood up, and went to class. We told our teacher that we needed to meet the Gladiators Alex and Beanie. We also told her why. Teachers in this fighting school don't trust you without proof. So for proof, we told her to ask the master of this school. Finally, she agreed with us. Douglass and I went to the gladiator classrooms and saw Alex and Beanie. We took 2 gladiator uniforms, and put them on.  "Pssst! Alex! Beanie! " The gladiators slowly crept under the desks until the teacher sternly told them to get back in their seats. Douglass and I quietly scowled. Finally, when the gladiators were practicing whatever they were learning, we walked straight into the class and said to the teacher in a deep gladiator voice,  "We need Alex and Beanie please, " we said. This half startled the teacher, so he quickly sent us out to the twisting hallways. We weakly took off our gladiator suits, hung them up, and started telling them why they were here.  "I know! " interrupted both gladiators.  "Master told us already. " I explained my plan. The gladiators feebly nodded. They bit their lips. We shrugged our shoulders. The gladiators went back to our class. So did we.

The next morning, we were calmly going to school. Phew! All that fear was gone. I did my lessons calmly. Then, the end of day came. We heard answers. The gladiators lost, just like we did. At the end of the day, Douglass told that we could work together. The gladiators were nice about it because of the attack of the dragon. Whew! I think Douglass is right about working together.

The next day, The gladiators met us on my doorstep. Beanie   was not that stinky. We set off together. We had all experienced this before, and we were not scared. We marched up to the den of the dragon. This time, the dragon already saw us. We cornered the dragon. Then, it picked up Alex, so then Alex had time to spare it's life. We worked together to fight the dragon! We called for everyone.  "The dragon is dead! The dragon is dead! " They cheered. We were made famous, and another rule to add to the school rules. WORK TOGETHER WITH EVERYONE. My heart smiled. We were the so famous, the mailman sent copies and copies of letters from us. We were asked for autographs, even if the gladiators were 23 and we were 17. I was very proud. The gladiators and knights realized they needed equality.