---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-04-05T20:57:25Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=4681
id: 4681
title: Book 3# Ode to the Shee
url: /?p=4681
---

I called for mom. It was a school day and I had to go to Ireland. Luckily, time would not pass while I was there. I had readied up my backpack, and I asked my mom if I could go now. She said yes, so I went. I took the dolphin decoration with me. I shrunk, then climbed inside. Then I climbed out of the crack, then found Gwendolyne at the Shee Amusement Park. I went on roller coasters. While we had fun, it started raining. A whole army of witches came and climbed on the rollercoaster. The witch pushed us off our seats, but luckily, we flew. Our wings were water proof. I counted the witches, and there were 10. I said the disappearing spell while saying 10 at the and of the chant. Suddenly, Gwendolyne was gone! I put the spell on her! I hid in one of the seats and got soaked by rain and tears. The witches left, and the sky grew sunny again. My tears quickly dried,   and I stood up. I searched everywhere.  "I wish that I was with Gwendolyne! " I exclaimed. In a blinding flash of light, I was next to Gwendolyne. I took the spell book out of her hands. I said,  "GO! SHOO! DO! SHOO! " We were in Ireland.  "There has never been a Shee who was trapped by witches. " I knew that she was wondering why she was trapped. "I accidently put   the disappearing spell on you. Now, may I go home? " I climbed inside the dolphin, climbed out, and grew taller. I wrote down this adventure in my diary. Suddenly, I heard a tiny squeak. It was Gwendolyne!  "I didn't have time to let you leave! To stop you, I climbed in. Now I'm here! " I could clearly hear the sobs of the small fairy. I picked her up, and put her in a small box. I hid the box in my closet. I turned the light on in the closet. Phew! Gwendolyne was safe! I finished my entry and got a carrot and a tissue. I carefully put both of them in the box. I hoped that Gwendolyne would get a good meal. I knew that I had to take care of her, and not let her be seen. Or else if I do, then big trouble would come immediately, my mother would discover everything, and curious humans would come pouring in. Ireland, the home of the Shee would be invaded by humans who did not belong there. I could not let the Shee down - not my dear friends.