---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-02-05T18:08:57Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=3951
id: 3951
title: The Rotten Vegetables
url: /?p=3951
---

The store. That store. The store that every one wanted. It was called, Jamal's Vegetables. Matt, one of Jamal's workers, beautifully arranged the vegetables. First, the red beet root. Next, the carrots. the lettuce, Brussels sprouts, peas, and pineapple were arranged in the third layer. It looked like a colorful vegetable rainbow with few colors missing. The looks of the store was beautiful too. The wallpaper was covered with roses and the cashier's counters had vases of sweet smelling roses. Since there were so many roses, a wonderful fragrance made more people come. Sometimes Jamal would give children free samples of pie. That aroma made children happy than anything! But the all the vegetables except the beet root were grumpy. This, my dear reader, might not keep your hopes up high. the vegetables QUARRELED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The beet root always try to calm them down. So let me tell you the story: Night was horrible.  "I am better than you, carrot. " said pea.  "I am better than you because a small little thing like you can't do much to people. So, be quiet. Ahem. I will tell you why I am better. I taste good, and I am big. Big vegetables hold more vitamins than small, puny little vegetables. One of you, People spit you out. Peas taste HORRIBLE! "  " I think I am better because people do not eat me with ranch. Ranch is bad for you. Did you know that people cover almost all of carrots with ranch? Carrots taste HORRIBLE! " said pea. Unfortunately, the other vegetables except the beet root joined in. In the morning, the vegetables were scattered all over. People did not want to go to the store. Jamal was sad and worn out just like a threadbare carpet. Again all the vegetables quarreled. The smart beet root would never join in. In the morning, no one came. People did not trust Jamal anymore. Jamal sadly threw away the rotten vegetables away. He was also wondering why the beet root did not get rotten. Next day, the people thought that the salesman fixed the store, so they went. People bought the beetroot and used it for their children's health. After a long time of beet root juice, many people became tired of beet root. The rotten vegetables in the bin heard the people talking to one and another about only beet root. Luckily, the salesman bought more vegetables and those new vegetables never quarreled like the old ones did and never again Jamal had gone out of sale.