---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-03-08T23:46:31Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=4141
id: 4141
title: How a Consequence is a Consequence
url: /?p=4141
---

I stared up at the clouds. It was time for moving. Shadow took over our city, and was looking forward to capturing us. Well, they want to capture us because we did not agree for walking on roads. So we were forced to sell our car and motorcycle. But, we bought another and rode them. They noticed, and our second consequence was to be prisoners. Suddenly, men in black uniforms pulled me while putting a blindfold around my eyes. I knew who they were. The threateners. I was a prisoner. There was no use of crying. I am 16 years old. Surprising, Shadow walked in.  "You are my slave now!!! I shall capture your hometown people. " Helpless in my chains, I cried out, "No!!!!!!! You are not going to capture my family, are you???!!!! " I was surprised and scared. I pulled at the chains, but they would not unlock. Shadow cornered me until my head hit the wall.  "Say that again and I will capture your grandparents. " said Shadow. Shadow tightened the loose chains around my wrists. This time, he tightened me to a chair. The chair would not move of it's stance. He left. I struggled to get loose from the chair strings. Finally, the strings loosened. I got up, parylayzed. Shadow was back. He tightened the tight chains around my wrists. Now, he made a tunnel through the wall and tied me to the wall.  "Don't worry dear, I will let you sleep on my bed! " said Shadow, sarcasticly. He pushed me further in the wall. He shouted a spell and I grew weaker and weaker until I fell asleep. I was taken from my chains and to a hospital. I was the only one there.  "Wake up! " I woke up instantly to see a man standing in front of me.  "My name is Miguel. " I realized that I had this wrist band that connected to a computer. The computer showed shock waves of how much poison I had in my body. The shock waves were so high, that they touched the top of the whole screen! I drank some medicine and the shock waves were gone. I got up and looked at the marks that showed how hard the chains pressed. I felt them. So deep. Shadow was in jail for the rest of his life. The prisoners were free. And they greeted me in the hospital.