---
author: admin
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-04-05T22:29:24Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=4761
id: 4761
title: Book 4# 2 Adventures in One
url: /?p=4761
---

I jumped out of bed and I took Gwendolyne. Then I picked up the dolphin,shrunk, and climbed inside. I helped Gwendolyne out of the crack. I rushed her out to Ireland. The 5 fairies were waiting for us. We went to someplace. The fairies explained that it was the wandmaker's house. Abby asked if the wand maker could get them seven wands. They tested them out, and they worked. Suddenly, the wand maker hid under the desk. I looked behind me, and dark rain clouds were sprouting in the sky. The witches! I was too frantic to say the spell, because when you panic, you can't think.  "Say the spell! " whispered Abby. I confidently stood in front of the door, and I said the disappearing spell. The witches disappeared. The land was sunny. I stood gaping out the windowed door. "You did it! " exclaimed the fairies.  "Come out, wand maker! " But under the desk rose a ugly green ogre. I escaped and yelled warnings. I was very sad that the wandmaker, the nice wand maker, was now a big and ferocious monster. Another sad thing was that no one listened to the warnings of the ogre. I then saw the ogre. It ripped houses of their strong bases, trees off their roots, and it scared me like crazy. Once again, I said the disappearing spell, and the ogre instantly disappeared. Gwendolyne came rushing out and said, panting,  "Say-huh-the-fix-huh-spell,  "I flipped through the book and found the fix spell.  "WEDALINGASTINGAHINGEBADDABADDARING! " The houses were perfect, the trees did not have any upturned roots. Everyone started cheering and l was lifted up several times. They planned an adventure were I would be in India and I would try to get back with the spell book and the wand. I was so famous, and people would always gape with opening their mouths as much as they could. But I did not know I would have some enemies. And trust me, that adventure would not be made too easy, if you are thinking that the adventure would go along really fast. The adventure would give me hardships and frustration. Also, they said something about finding a jewel-I did not fully hear what my adventure was really going to be, so maybe I am wrong- an emerald jewel, I hope that I would not turn into a jewel princess. I never liked those kind of things. The Shee fairies are more awesome. It is not that I like fairies, I like the adventures I am having, the advantages I am having. I consider being a Shee fairy as an advantage because it is so fun to have mysterious quests, like Harry Potter. Those books are one of my first favorite series of books. I climbed in the dolphin, then climbed out of the crack. I felt so good to be home again from that scary mission, even though I kind of liked it.