---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-03-08T16:17:49Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=4111
id: 4111
title: Life's Magical Way
url: /?p=4111
---

Alice turned around and was startled to see her mother right there. She showed an impish smile.  "Alice, how many times have I told you to not reveal that impish grin? Those manners are not perfect for a queen's daughter. " Queen Cheryl and King Dexter were rulers of Nappinville. Their daughter, Alice, [Princess Alice] was very impish since she was 3. Alice was 19 years old. "Today is my birthday, so I am 20. Tomorrow I am supposed to move out. " When Alice went to bed, she dreamed of how cool the outer world would be. The next morning,Alice said good bye and left. She decided to explore the View Inn Forest. First, Alice came across some vines. She swung on one, but it swirled up and choked her. Alice tried wriggling out, but more and more vines choked her.  "lelp glubble be! "cried Alice. She reached for a bit of magic, and sprinkled it on the vines. They stopped choking her, and she fell to the ground. She limped because her ankle hurt, and Alice had a bruise. Tattered, she went on her way. Suddenly, some trees moved and trapped her in the forest. She got some magic and the trapping stopped. Alice put the magic back in her bag. That was the last bit of magic she had. Unfortunatley, Alice walked into a maze. she sprinkled all of the magic on all the closed doors and went out of the maze. There was a Sprite flood. NO really, the soda. Alice swam while getting shocks from these super powered Sprite shooters. When the flood stopped, Alice landed on a beach. Suddenly, a huge wave crashed the shore. A huge wave of laughter came behind Alice. It was a zombie march!  "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " Alice screamed and hid behind a rock. The rock moved each time Alice moved behind it. She tried the other rocks, but they did the same! She decided to climb the jagged rock cliff. She took her extra protection coat and climbed. Alice reached the top of the cliff, and she was panting like a dog! But, there was Nappville. Right there. Some words were carved on the ground she was standing on. It said: YOU HAVE BEEN HERE FOR 10 YEARS. WE ARE DEAD. FROM QUEEN CHERYL AND KING DEXTER
  
 "They written it before they died. "said Alice, while tears ran down her cheeks and dropped on the note. aaaaaaaaa ... ... ... ... ... ...
  
 "Alice! Wake up! " It was Aunt Sandy.  "I brought you from that cliff. How did you get there? "  "Long story. " Alice replied. She was too tired to tell her story. She was tired from her exiciting magical, adventure.