---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-03-14T23:10:54Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=4181
id: 4181
title: Spenders, Savers
url: /?p=4181
---

Once there was a girl named Amy.The 10 year old girl lived with her mother and father. She had no brothers or sisters. Her house was small with roses on the window sills. Amy thought her house was beautiful.
  
But Amy had a bad spending habit. She would
  
Amy put the toys she did not like into a pile. Then, she asked her mom for a table to sell her toys at. Amy's mother helped Amy set up the booth and toys. Amy's friends bought the toys for their brothers and sisters. Amy was happy for her progress. Now she had money. Lot's of money. Now let me tell you the story of how Amy got the spending habit. One day, when Amy's friend, Cassie, went to the shop with her mother. Cassie got to spend $10.00! When Cassie told Amy all about it, she got jealous. So Amy went to the stores with her mom, spending every time they came. Now, when she spent things too much, she ran out of money. Amy did not care to sell her old toys again. She simply waited to go to the store with her mom, and stuffed her parents money in her money purse. Amy did not want her parents to know that she stole their money. First, Amy's mother looked in her purse. She found no money.  "Jason, look in your wallet! I have no money in my purse! "  "Sorry Kelly! I don't have any money! " Amy's mother sighed and dropped her head.  "Now we can't go to the store .....All I have is bread ... ... " Amy's thoughts went racing. Should I tell? Should I not?  "I have to work extra hard to make a living again. " said her father. So all they ate was a slice of bread. Amy felt ashamed. She was sad to betray her parents. The next morning, Amy took her purse, dumped it out on her father's working table. Her
  
father raised his eyes up to Amy's sorrowful face.  "Amy??????????? " Amy dropped her head.  "Sorry, Father. " The girl mumbled. Amy slowly walked to her mother's room. She would confess this stealing to her mother.  "Mother? I am sorry to steal your money. " Amy was surprised. She had that much courage? Amy's mouth widened into a surprised look. She pinched herself on the arm to start her to talk.  "Amy dear? " Oh! Amy had been startled by that kind voice.  "Oh, Mom. Can you help me to stop me from keeping this ugly habit? I hope you do have a great plan to stop me from doing any other bad things with yours our my money. I don't have money anyway, so we can sell our old toys, " Amy was hopeful. She would do anything to stop her spending habit.  "Meet me when you don't have anything to do. " said her wise mother.  "Thank you Mom! You must have a plan after all! " Amy finished her chores, and came to her mother. The weird thing was that her mother had three boxes by her side. What were those for? Would this plan stop Amy from spending too much? 1 had spend, the other had Save, and the last one had Share. Amy's mother explained. "You will sort your money into these boxes. Put the money you want to spend in the spend box. Put the money you save into the Save box, and put the money you will share into the share box. "  "I will also make the money to sort by selling old toys. " added the girl. The next day, the two set up the booth and old toys. Customers came pouring on the driveway. The stream of adults and children made Amy happy to have lot's of money. Amy sorted the resulting money into the 3 boxes. She would take the spend box to the store to buy things. When they ran out of money, the selling would start. Now, Amy doesn't spend anymore.