---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-05-23T02:03:10Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=5111
id: 5111
title: Conquering King Grandolfer
url: /?p=5111
---

The kind widow finally had a daughter, and Gretel was excited. Gretel was the widow, and she liked pretty things, so she named her Michelle. Evil King Grandolfer, he liked making his people's life miserable. This evil king will come later in this story, so pay attention. Michelle grew up to love her mother, for Gretel was willing to help her. Unfortunately, Gretel got sick, and Michelle had to manage on her own. When Michelle was 9 years old, Gretel finally died. But the mother had not told her daughter that her name was Michelle. She asked the wise wizard, and he said,  "Watch for the magic pallet.[Pa-lay] Go. " Michelle darted out the doorway. The wizard, Wizard   Cornelious, did not like to waste words. Michelle walked away, hurt and thoughtful. She found the map giver, and Michelle took the map of the magic pallet. As she found it's directions, she finally got there. There it stood, the magic pallet. A pallet is a name giver. The pallet was surrounded by strawberry bushes, Which the 9 year old girl longed to pick.  "Little thing, what is my name. " The king had been in charge of the pallet. On the slab of marble Michelle could make out the words: Otias   Michelle went away to her little cottage where her mother died and threw her face in her arms.  "It can't be! Why do I have to have such an ugly name? " Michelle started going to school. The 3rd graders said their names out loud. Michelle said her name, and another fancy looking girl said,  "Ochas, Hochas Popcorn dope! "  "Jeanie Seanie Popcorn Meanie!  " The 3rd graders were silent when they saw Mrs. Mackle's face. It was strict, and Michelle was sick of staring at it, but she stared on. After the long look, the teacher called, "Ochas Revioltez and Jeanie Sargavinche, Please come with me. " Michelle or Ochas gulped. They were pulled in from recess. She also took a witness, Carolina Getsyburg. This is what she said:  "Jeanie called Otias the name first, then Otias got hurt and called her back. " Mrs. Mackle turned toward us. Remember, the person who did the bad things first gets the punishment.  "Off with you. " She sternly said. She also let Carolina out.   Michelle skipped onto the playground, seeing lot's of kids surrounding her. She sat down weaving grass into baskets, scarves, and gloves. Sometimes Otias added in flowers to make color. There were lot's of flowers, different colors, and they were free to pick. Then, she met Clover, her all time friend. Michelle taught her new friend how to weave and soon they were weaving everyday. This kind woman adopted her, and soon, she had a sister, a brother, and a mother. Her step mother wasn't as loving as Gretel, but Michelle had to cope up with it. Years passed. Michelle was now 19. The girl was pushed to go on her own. She met many 19 year old girls and they marched to the king's pallace. They cast a spell that when he came out, he would die. When the king came out, he immediatley. Michelle was crowned queen, only when she was 19. Also, no one ever found her real name. Her name was Otias.