---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-07-23T20:11:39Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=5791
id: 5791
title: 'Senseless Book 1 #'
url: /?p=5791
---

The fairy flew along the bushes, giving her scratches. She was a new fairy, and the other fairies just learned her name.

 "Alice! Come over here! There's a caterpillar! "

<p style="text-align: left">
  Caterpillars were very rare. Alice was soon staring at awe at the caterpillar. The friends soon got bored and walked off. Suddenly, a black figure knocked Alice to the ground. He akwardly tangled it's legs in hers. Alice fell fast asleep.
</p>

<p style="text-align: left">
  An eagle took her up and carried her to a land of grass and trees. In the air it said, <b><i>FIGHT </i></b><em><strong>THE  EVIL FAIRIES!</strong>  </em>An evil fairy approached her. Alice used her new magic to make herself stink. She did not want to hurt the fairy, because the face seemed so familiar. It looked like Clara Brooks, one of her friends. She was afraid that it really was her friend except with an evil fairy mask. The fairy backed away in disgust.  "Clara! " Alice couldn't stop herself from blurting that name out.
</p>

<p style="text-align: left">
  Alice grew dizzy.  "Come back! Clara! " In a flash, everything turned white. Alice blinked.  "This is a dream. This is a dream. " Alice kept chanting under her breath. Suddenly, an echo spread across the room.  "<em><strong>KEKEEP WALKKIKING FORWARWARDDD!  </strong></em> " Alice strained to understand, but she finally understood what the echo voice was telling. Alice finally got back to her senses. She was wobbling in front of a crowd.  "The senseless blackay has taken Alice out of senses. They mean no harm, but be careful. " The anouncer said.  " Alice is also in another great danger. She has human blood. " At this point, everyone gasped.   The anouncer turned and faced Alice.  "Be careful,  " he said.  "Human blooded fairies can add great fury to our enemies. Fairies! Go on with your work! " Alice was currently thinking,  <em>What work?</em>
</p>