---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-07-10T15:36:27Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=5631
id: 5631
title: Away
url: /?p=5631
---

Jennifer called to her other 2 sisters.  "Clara! Flora! " Jennifer could yell loud.  "Ms.Kinderly invited us to her house! We know that her children are our friends! " Ms.Kinderly was the widow whose husband left her after the birth of her 2 children, Caroline, the youngest, and Ayanna, the oldest. Ms.Kinderly liked the children that often came to her house. 10 year old Jennifer caught sight of her 5 year old sister, Clara. 9 year old Flora was bossy and moved slowly down the stairs to see Jennifer. She was playing games on her mother's i-phone. Jennifer snatched the gadget out of her sisters hands. "Sis! " cried Flora as she angrily tossed her wavy brown hair. Jennifer's blue eyes twinkled. She held both of her sister's hands, and together, they started on their way to Ms.Kinderly's house.

 "You can't go to that house with that terrible face you're making, " said Jennifer, wearing a wide smile with sparkling teeth. Jennifer saw a spring nearby. Flora loved to get wet. Especially on the face.  "Close your eyes and ears, Flora, " Clara pushed the water button, and Jennifer put her sister's head where she could feel water. Clara stopped pushing the button. Wet Flora burst into a fit of laughter. So did the other sisters.

When they reached her house, there was a **SOLD ** sign. Jennifer's heart thudded. She finally saw Ms.Kinderly.  "Jennifer! " called Ms Kinderly. Jennifer brought her sisters to the soft silky bed. Ms.Kinderly feebly handed her a map.  "Stone Hedge! " Security men pushed the children back and took the elderly woman away. Tears welled up in Jennifer's eyes. She looked away from the direction of Ms.Kinderly. What did she mean? Probably a place on the map. Jennifer unrolled the map a scanned it. Aha! There it was!  "Follow me, wherever I go. " Jennifer told her sisters. Jennifer followed the map. Her heart thudding, she climbed over logs. She finally saw the Ocean of Doom. Jennifer found a large piece of driftwood, and the 3 children got on it. They floated smoothly across the blue waters. A sharp piece of wood cut the drift wood space between Jennifer and Clara. Jennifer heard wood scraping. She looked to her side. Clara was gone! Jennifer was sad. The young, hyper girl was gone. She grabbed a floating piece of driftwood and used it as a paddle. Then, she put both feet in the water, and pushed herself into the gloom of dark blue. The last words she said to her sister was,  "Good luck finding Clara! Take care! " Flora took a long stick and stopped the raft. She herself pushed into the water. She swam around, calling for her sister.  "Jennifer! " Flora bobbed up to the surface. This was scary for the 9 year old girl. She suddenly saw curly brown hair with the dazzling blue eyes.  "Jennifer! " screamed Flora. She turned around. The two sisters hugged each other. Tears of happiness streamed down on both of their faces. They swam to the other side.

They ran barefoot over sticks and logs. Suddenly a stone stuck out in front. The girls tried to step around it, but knights appeared. The other side had the same magic. Words appeared on the jagged rock. "**FIGHT MONSTERS, ON AHEAD. SAY HOME SWEET HOME. YOU'RE OUT OF HERE. HERE IS A SWORD THAT WILL HELP YOU DEFEND. SAY SOME WORDS AND THE SWORD WILL DO WHAT YOU SAY. **  " A sword was laid in front of their feet. Flora picked it up. The stone faded away. Flora ran with her sisters to see the monsters.   Flora said,  "Off with him. " for every monster. On monster took off his mask. It uncovered a small face. _CLARA! _ thought Jennifer.  "Make her back to my sister! " cried Jennifer. Clara was normal once again.  "Make us invisible! " cried Flora. They were invisible. A stone appeared in front of the 3 girls.  "**GO HOME! SAY HOME SWEET HOME! OR ELSE, THE SWORD'S POWERS WILL RUN OUT! THEN YOU WILL BE INVISIBLE FOREVER!** "  "Home SW-  " Words appeared on the stone for the third time.  "**YOU ARE INVISIBLE FOREVER! YOU WILL NEVER RETURN BACK TO YOUR HOME EVER AGAIN! **  " The girls were stuck there forever.

 

 