---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-11-01T01:52:43Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=6181
id: 6181
url: /?p=6181
---

There once lived 2 girls in a village. Both of them thought that no one else was their age in that dreary place. Their mothers made them wash the clothes and do other tedious things, so they never got a chance to explore anything. Elaine was one of the girls, and was finally bored of her chores. To activate her plan, she sneaked out of the washing parlor and ran off.
  
Meanwhile Gloria, the other girl, was also bored of her chores. To activate  _her _ plan, she sneaked out of the chicken pen and ran off.
  
Elaine was happily running until she bumped into into someone. Reader, you must read this carefully.
  
The person Elaine bumped into an old hunched lady in a black cloak. The hunched lady flared up angrily and said,  "You shall pay for this! "
  
Elaine jumped back in fear. She shut her eyes tight. Finally she opened her eyes, and was very glad to see that the woman was gone.
  
Gloria bumped into the same person that Elaine had bumped into. The hunched lady flared up again shouting the same thing. Poor Gloria turned pale. When she looked up she saw that the woman was gone.
  
Elaine had brushed away her fear and was now walking straight on the path she was on. She was very bored and she almost wished that she could go back home to finish the washing.
  
Gloria was feeling the same. She tried to stop that feeling, but it didn't go away. Both girls went home, even though that could mean angry words from their mothers for not finishing their chores.
  
Elaine and Gloria were glad to see that their mother was not there. Both girls finished their chores and went inside to look for her mothers.
  
Elaine found a note with her mother's scribble handwriting. It took a long time before Elaine could decode it. It said,
  
_Do all these chores!
  
1. Wash the dishes
  
2.Feed the chickens
  
3.Wash the clothes
  
4.Clean the house
  
_