---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-06-10T22:57:29Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=5321
id: 5321
url: /?p=5321
---

I am an orphan. I'd rather be alone than be adopted. This is my story. For the beginning, I was adopted. I was 8 years old. I always dreamed of doing ridiculous things. I was a dreamer. Adventurous. I cried on the the first day I lived with my mother and father. I always curled up into a ball and slept in my room. When it was my 9th birthday, I got the courage to say something very sad. I feel ashamed about it now.   I said,  "You people are the ugliest, meanest, worst parents everyone could ever imagine! " It was true, you had to admit, because they never gave me any presents on my birthdays and they told me to sleep outside when I am to afraid to sleep in my room. I told them why.  "You never give me presents, you only let me stay in the house, and you only let me have a brown color in my room.  " The tears began to swim in my eyes. Then, I got the crazy idea of running away. I could not push it out. I slammed the door of my room shut. I cried. The next night, I asked to sleep outside. I slept through until 12:00. I wrapped everything I wanted to take in my blanket. Luckily, they let me have a bike. I put the bundle in the back basket. I biked fast to a cottage I had always seen. No one lived in it. I made myself a home in it. I closed the shutters tight. I locked the door shut. I slept a lot. My house had a clock. It was 9:00 when I woke up. I opened my bundle. I packed:

  1. water bottles
  2. pillows
  3. My 3 fabric dolls
  4. 10 books
  5. The mini computer that I owned
  6. my diary
  7. a ball
  8. A plant I owned
  9. first aid kit
 10. My family photograph

 