---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2014-03-28T12:00:43Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=4561
id: 4561
title: ddisect
url: /?p=4561
---

I shaded my eyes to look over to the bright colorful horizon with my little sister begging me to go to her playhouse. I was pulled on until I said, "STOP IT!!!!!!! THIS IS SO ANNOYING!!!!!! " M y sister ran over to our mother and told on me. I secretly scowled.  " Kath, is that nice for a big sister? I know that she might be annoying to you, but that does not mean that you are not nice to Lay-Lay. " My real name is Katherine, and my sister's name is Layla. Mom calls us some abbreviations when we are in trouble. I said,  " But Mom, she is so annoying! She keeps pulling on my shirt to get to her boring playhouse! "  " But you have to be nice and kind. That is how you are a big sister. " I walked away to my needle work. The small boring stitches bored me. I always longed to made the huge kind of stitches, but my mom never would let me. I pretended to sew as my mother walked past. After she was far past me, I slunk away and read a book. It was a book of Tom Sawyer. I knew that my mom would not mind if I read a book.   This was the last day of summer. I was going to go to school. 4th grade. We already went to open house, so I knew my teacher. Her name is Mrs. Carsa. She is the nicest teacher you could ever have. She had a kind, soft, voice. Suddenly, my mother walked in my room.  "Dear, you are supposed to do your knitting work, but I wouldn't mind if you read a book instead, " Phew! I am approved with my doings. I don't like to be in trouble, like other children. I did some Hannon exercises. After a few minutes, it was lunch. I quickly ate my soup and ran upstairs. I wrote in my diary. Annoying as sister, Careful as Calmer, dissecting the fear, going into the Good. That is what I wrote in this diary. I always write diary entrys like poems. It actually took a long time to think up of this. Then I thought about how school would be. I would not be teased and bullied.