---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2015-03-29T02:29:37Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=6901
id: 6901
title: 'Rhodopus (Book #2)'
url: /?p=6901
---

Rhodopus had went on a trip to some sort of mystic cliffs and mountains and, quite accidentally, was hanging off a very strong cliff rock. Her cold hands gripped the bumps and the holes that were formed inside the rock very long ago.

She was so frightened that she thought that she would have rather fell and died rather than keep gripping onto that rock.

Well, reader, you might be asking why she was hanging of a rock. It was quite accidental, which is what I have told you earlier.

Rhodopus was happily sitting next to the edge, thoughtless. Suddenly an extinct waterfall fell down her and she slipped until she was hanging onto the rock she was now hanging on.

These Gittilian-type of waterfalls fall once, and then they don't fall until a century lapses.

Rhodopus was that waterfall's victim, and she should've been happy about at least being alive.

 

Reader, put the story aside. Now, here are some simple facts that you must know so you won't be angry that I did not tell you the meaning of these strange things.

When a Gittilian ocean has some Gittilian person fall on it, it senses if the person is good or not. The oceans are never wrong because of a spell that a wizard (that was an important part of Helena's story of birth) cast a spell on the ocean. You will hear that later when Helena grows up. Helena is too young to hear it now, because of the great indulgence of violence ... ....

It was nighttime, and Rhodopus was sleepy. Without thinking, she let go of her grip and slept. The fall from the cliff is very long, and it took a whole night to make her land on shore.

The oceans had sensed she had a good heart; and nevertheless they sent her gently down on the sand.

Then, her beauty sleep ended. It was morning. Rhodopus woke up and looked around.

Then she cried out,  "I have fallen and I haven't died! "

Rhodopus didn't know about how the oceans sensed if whoever fell on it was good, and she also didn't know that the oceans knew she had a good heart.Now Rhodopus was very glad. She then suddenly heard a loud sound.

Far away, she saw red lava coming out of a volcano. It started meeting the sand and then it enveloped around her. She accidentally stumbled and her hand hit the fire. It got burned, and it stung like no other pain in the world. She tried to choke back her tears, but they came anyways, insistent and persevering. Now the lost girl was there, with a burned hand, and tears running down her pale cheeks. Suddenly, a dove flew out and landed on her shoulder. It was carrying a note. Rhodopus plucked the note out of the dove's light grip and opened it. It said:

<address>
  Dear little Rhodopus,
</address>

<address>
    I was always your mother's friend. She had always begged me to accompany you, and I long to grant your mother's last wish.
</address>

<address>
  From, Me, whom you may call me Skylark.
</address>

The bird suddenly flew off and then came back, carrying a bunch of plantain leaves. The leaves were very soft and Rhodopus watched the bird weaving them all together. Then, Skylark wrapped the plantain leaves around and around her arm. Then, Skylark plucked at her ponytail and made a new one. The bird had also fluffed up her hair. A piercing high-pitched note met Rhodopus's ear, and she was in her own cozy cabin. The bird then disappeared.

 "A million thanks! " she called out.

And she hoped that Skylark heard.

<address>
   
</address>

 

 

 