---
author: Varsha
categories:
- story
date: "2015-05-01T01:45:55Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=7321
id: 7321
title: 'Helena (Book #1)'
url: /?p=7321
---

The little girl was a baby when they left. Her parents had been on a trip. They never came back, even when seven years passed. Every year, Helena had asked Anna, her old housekeeper when her parents would be coming back, and Anna always answered they would always come back.

But that stopped when Anna passed away three years ago.

Since she was 7 years old, Helena was left to live with her horrid uncle.

Uncle Edwin had a long, drooping moustache, a large, fat face, (It also was always red) and big beefy hands that liked to hold cups of tea while poor Helena was left to do all the work.

 "Do this " and  "Do that " were the only words that her cruel uncle would say, and it always stayed that way.

But her uncle did give her some balloons to play with.

Suddenly, Helena had an idea. She headed outside  and tied all of the balloons she had to her wrists. She rose up into the air, the breeze meeting her small, pale face. She floated up dreamily, so dreamily ... ....

 "Wha'dy'e doin' here, little girl? "

A winged creature had quickly changed the dreamy look on Helena's face to a look of pure surprise.   Helena's dark brown eyes were wide, and her beautiful dark black hair was tassled and messy. Big side curls had popped up on each side of her head, while the remaining hair was held back with a sky blue hairband that hung loosely and not doing it's job very well.

Helena's head began to spin.

The winged creature was a bird, except it had a sharp horn and a human mouth.

Then, before she knew it, Helena was falling to the ground.

She screamed, her soft voice turning hoarse through the roughness of it all.

Helena was so frightened.

Until she hit the ground.

A ring of people immediately began surrounding Helena.

 "It's a Gitllian! " cried a person that was standing next to a formal dressed person.

 "Really, Spotter Spencer? "

 "Spotter Spencer " had pulled out a red light with a small rectangular screen attached to it.

It didn't seem completely intact, but Spencer seemed to have not noticed that.

The red light passed over Helena's eyes, but it did not hurt her eyes as it should have.

Then, Helena saw that the screen read  "Gittlian ".

 "It's a Gittlian all right, Mayor Kanto.  "

 "You shall be called Princess Rhodopus, which means the &#8216;The lost girl' in Gittlian language. " Mayor Kanto said, smiling.

That was the start of a whole new story.

 

 