---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2015-01-05T00:29:46Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=6371
id: 6371
url: /?p=6371
---

**WHAT IS EMPATHY?**
  
Empathy is everything to everyone. Even the evil. Empathy is like the desired gold to humans. But not many people have empathy.
  
Empathy is a certain type of kindness. It is but a special type of kindness. There is also this kindness called sympathy. Being sympathetic is easier to be than empathetic. But let me explain about sympathy. Sympathy is when you are sorry for a person. Empathy is when you feel sorry for a person _and_ you do something out of kindness for them. Sympathy is okay, but empathy can make a person cheerful instantly. So that is all I can explain for now.

**HOW TO EASILY SPOT EMPATHY BETWEEN SYMPATHY**
  
There is a big difference between empathy and sympathy.
  
For example, let me show you sympathy.
  
There are 2 people. Let me call them A and B. A is sad because she doesn't have any friends at school and she is sitting on the bench during recess. B is the sympathetic one.
  
A- I'm so sad. No one wants to play with me.
  
B- Hey A! What's wrong?
  
A- I don't have anyone to be with now.
  
B- [_hugging A_] I'm so sorry! Let's hope you find a friend soon.
  
Now let me show you empathy. Same scene, but C is new to you. C is the empathetic one.
  
A- I'm so sad. No one wants to play with me.
  
C- What's wrong, A?
  
A- I don't have anyone to play with.
  
C- Me neither! Can we be friends!
  
A-[_grinning widely_] Of course!
  
I tell you now, maybe you can have empathy yourself!