---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2015-05-01T21:19:00Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=7391
id: 7391
title: Someday ...
url: /?p=7391
---

My home. Denmark. A village of beauty. The sky always had that forget-me-not blue in the mornings. The sun glowed bright yellow. In the night-times, there was a beautiful blackish bluish color in the dark sky. The stars twinkled like far away lanterns, and the moon glowed a gray color, filled with sweetness of no other kind. In the mornings, the morning dew sparkled on the bright green grass. A young tree in front our house had birds chirping all over it in their nests. I then heard the sound of airplanes. There were so many airplanes that I couldn't even see the morning sun. Then I saw that mark - the swastika. The swastika is a symbol that represents the Nazi soldiers. I rushed inside. I helped Mamma set up blackout curtains so the Nazis wouldn't see us. The Nazi's bulky boots produced a loud sound. I covered my ears. That sound was too terrible to hear. Finally the soldiers passed our house. I sighed in relief. But, I did know that they would be in Denmark for a long time.

The next morning, Mamma's placed the cross around my neck. I needed that cross because the Nazis hated Jews. They would harm me if they knew that I was a Jew. The cross was disguising me as a Christian.

 "Mamma! I don't want to go to school! " I said

But Mamma sent me out the door nevertheless of my words. When I was outside, I tried not to notice the Nazis. I heaved my heavy backpack onto my shoulders. Suddenly a bunch of Nazis stepped in front of me.

 "What do you have in there, little girl? "

Their words repeated over and over in my mind. One Nazi gave a gesture that I take off my backpack. I slowly took the backpack off my shoulders. With a laugh that made me shudder, he took the backpack. That Nazi passed it to another Nazi, whom, with a glide of his fingers, opened the backpack. I looked away. When I looked at that scene, my eyes drew me to their black eyes. That reminded me of cruelty, suffering, and despair.

The soldier shoved the backpack towards me, laughing a cruel, evil laugh.

I finally came into school. I looked around as I came into the hall. I saw a horrible sight. Izzy (As everyone called him), the school janitor was Jewish. The Nazis were dragging him away by his wrists. An ache passed through me.

Why Jews?

That was not fair. After that, school was fun when I wasn't in the halls. Whenever I was in the halls, I remembered Izzy and the Nazis. I was afraid I would see it again, so I looked down in the halls. When I got home, I finished my homework. Then, I heard a knock on the door. I went downstairs and opened the door. I was surprised at who stood before me. A Jewish man stood, bedraggled at the door!

I smiled at the man and said,  "I'll get my mother. You can come inside.  "

 "Thank you so much,  " he cried.

I brought my mother to the man.  "You may tell your story,  " said my mother.

With that, the man launched into a long explanation.

 "We were happy Jews living in a proper home. It was warm and cozy, until I heard the Nazis.  "

The man stopped, and then went on.

 "The Nazis pushed the door down, and started tearing down everything. All we could do was stand and watch in horror.  "

I could tell that Mama was moved by the man's sad story.  "You may stay with us,  " she said softly.

So that is how we saved a Jewish man from being locked up in a concentration camp. The next day, we learned that the Jewish man's name was Gideon. Gideon never pushed the black out curtains off the windows, knowing the Nazis would see him if he did so.

The next day, I went to school with the same Christian cross pressed to my chest. I looked down the whole day, unless my teacher was talking, because I did not want to see any more Jewish people being dragged away. Finally, I got home. I greeted Gideon, and then I greeted Mama. I could not smile at Mama, so I pasted a strained smile on my face in front of her.

I sat down and tried to finish my homework, but I couldn't concentrate. So, I just lazily stood up and flopped on my pillow. I then crawled to the front of the bed and pulled up the covers. I stared up at the white ceiling in my room. It was full of a strange kind of loneliness ...

 "Child, wake up!  "

I woke up with a start. I saw Mamma leaning over me. When I finally rested my eyes on her grey ones, she smiled. I suddenly remembered everything that I had to do. I jumped out of bed and got ready just in time for school. I waved back at Mamma as I walked to school. The Nazis did not bother me. I felt better at school. I did not see the Nazis anywhere there. My teacher did not give much homework because it was a Friday. She gently scolded me for not finishing my homework. The school day ended. I went to my house. When I opened the unlocked door, I saw Mamma and Gideon with a suitcase. Mamma handed me a fully packed suitcase.

 "We're leaving here, child. I packed this for you.  "

I took the suitcase from Mamma and followed her out, with Gideon trailing behind. It was a little red suitcase, hard and leathery. The suitcase held many items. Mamma did not tell me where we were going, but if we ever come back I imagine that the Nazis will be gone. Someday, my wish will come true. I will have hope. Someday.

 

 

 