---
author: Varsha
categories:
- story
date: "2015-12-27T15:24:54Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=8721
id: 8721
title: New Kid
url: /?p=8721
---

Hello.

My name is Mary Fieldson.

I’m 9, and I’m in 4<sup>th</sup> grade.

I have 3 brothers. Their names are: Daniel, Tyler, and Jacob. My dad used to work from some really early time to some really late time, so I didn't really see him often. My mother was the one who convinced my dad to take a new job and move to Florida. She grew up in Florida. She really enjoys the warm weather. My dad, on the flip side, loves cold weather. He grew up in Canada. Like me, he hates Florida. I really don’t like that sweltering place. The heat is so oppressive that I get sweaty in about 10 minutes, and I never sweat.

“Mary! Time for school!”

I burrow under the covers. I don’t want to go to school. How happy life would be if I could stay under these covers! Away from the danger of school…

“Mary! Come on!” I hear footsteps. I stay under the covers. I hear my mother briskly approach my bed and pull off the covers. When she sees me “asleep”, she shakes me and says sternly, ”Mary, stop pretending.” I open my eyes, and Mom says,”Aren't you excited for school?” I quickly paste a fake smile on my face and say, ”Yeah! I am excited! "

 " Then come downstairs in 10 minutes.” Mom says, giving me one last look. Then, she goes downstairs.

I get dressed, brush my teeth, and sit down at the table. I'm expecting another bowl of cereal, but I sit down to a plate of 3 delicious fried eggs. I eat those eggs with great relish, chewing my bites slowly to savor the taste. I finish the eggs and wear my new blue backpack. Then, I step outside, ready for school.

I step into the classroom just in time as the bell is ringing. My teacher is saying, “Hello class! I’m Ms. Findley. " She beams at me and points to a seat.  "We have a new student at our school! Say something about yourself, Mary! " I nervously stand up and say,”Uh..hi. " I paused. Some girls snicker, but a girl in the corner smiles encouragingly.  "My name is Mary Fieldson. I used to live in Vermont, which has a lot of snow. I really like the cold weather. "

I sit down, and Ms. Findley says,”Thank you, Mary.”

Ms.Findley spends the next hour answering questions that some of my classmates have about the classroom. Then, Ms Findley dismisses the class for recess.

A swarm of children race out from the classroom. I get out of the classroom and I go to the benches. I sit down at a bench. Then, I see people coming towards me. After they get a little closer, I see that it is the group of girls that had snickered at me in the classroom. They sit down at the bench I'm sitting at. Then they start whispering and making faces at me behind my back. When I hear them, I quickly get up off the bench. I can’t be making enemies on my first day.

The next recess, I avoid the girls who I met at the bench incident. But as I am looking back over my shoulder to see if they were following me, I walk into someone.

It was the girl that had smiled at me earlier! I felt my face turning red.

“Sorry!” I said.

“It’s okay! Don't worry about it.”

“What’s your name?” I asked. This girl seemed pretty nice.

“My name is Sara!”

We tell each other a ton of jokes. I laugh so hard that I am afraid that I have cracked a rib. Then, the lunch bell rings. I say,”It was nice meeting you!” to Sara. I smiled, knowing that I had a new friend.

Sara and I are sitting at a bench. We are exchanging jokes, like the day before. We are having so much fun that I don't notice the girls I had met on the first day. Then I hear whispering behind me. I turn around and I see them smirk at me. I can tell Sara hear them.

Then I see her go to nearest teacher and tell him what happened.

The teacher came over to the girls and said, “Girls! Enough! Stop doing what you are doing. I will tell your teacher about you needing an off-recess slip!”

I gaze at Sara, giving her a silent look of gratitude.   Fitting in is a lot easier than I thought.