---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2017-12-27T03:26:01Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=10684
id: 10684
title: Pay the Price
url: /?p=10684
---

MERILEE MAXWELL

Prologue

I finger the child's hair, and she looks up at me, all bundled up in those blankets her parents gave her, her eyes red with tears. They'll be waiting for their precious  Araceli, I know. They will be waiting.

I lean backward, peering out of the sterile white door, and I catch a glimpse of  _them: _ Xander and Rylee. Rylee's hair is a mess of wispy brown flyaway, and she is clutching Xander's hand, and grinning like an idiot. Suddenly, Rylee meets my eyes, and her  smile fades as she leans over, trying to see the child I have with me, but I quickly bend over, as if I am testing the child for health issues, and I quickly close the door. At last, I gather Araceli up in her bedding, and I gather her up close to me. She emits a loud cry, but I quickly stifle her, as I run down the hall. Suddenly, Doctor Nirvana Zest comes up to me and stops me. She says to me,  "What is the hurry? Is there something wrong with the child? "

Quickly, I think up of something that would strike Dr. Zest as reasonable and I say,  "She wouldn't stop crying, so I decided to give her a little walk around the hospital. See, she's already quiet now! "

I am still stifling her, and I can feel her intensity growing.

I have a feeling that Zest knows I'm bluffing, but she doesn't show it when she says,  "O-okay, Meri. But - make it quick, all right? They've already asked Shelby twice about when they could see their child. "

Hurriedly, I nod, and at last, I am on my way.

I rush down the entire hall without being stopped, and after an eternity of speed walking, I see the exit sign. I push open the door it marks, and step outside. I rip off my doctor's coat and dunk it in the stream nearby, and then, I use my fingers to dig a hole as to bury the coat. Quickly, quickly, I bury the coat, and I sprint towards my car, stumbling on my high heels that sink into the wet mud, all the while carrying the child, and at last, when I start my car, I finally relax. As far as I know, Xander and Rylee are still waiting. Rylee, still grinning like an idiot.

 

12 years later ...

Knock, knock. Surprised, I get up from the couch, and I open the door. Standing in front of my door is an FBI official, whom I know: Jax Smith. Jax questioned me before on the disappearance of some child, Araceli Hernandez, with  Dr. Zest staring anxiously at me. But now, he holds up a document and the words  "search warrant " flash at me. My eyes widen, and it feels like a dream when Mr. Smith tells me,  "Search warrant. Court-approved. Move aside. We will search your house. "

To say it lightly, he pushes me aside and storms in. But soon, they reach the cellar door.  "Wait! " I call, desperately.  "Wouldn't you like to have some tea before searching my house?! "

Jax stares straight at me, and says,  "No, Merilee Anderson. We won't be here long. "

And he yanks open the door. I stay there, straight as a pencil, and then, after some time, I hear the hysterical cries of a girl coming up the stairs. At last, Jax Smith comes into view, with a girl, leaning heavily on him.  "Aurora, " I say,  "Wh- "

Before I can reprimand the girl, Jax tells me,  "What is her name? "

 "Au-aurora! Aurora Ma- "Quickly realizing that the officers had discovered my true last name, I quickly say,  "Anderson. "

 "What? "

 "Aurora Anderson! " Aurora's face flushes, and she glares at me, scraps of cut rope still dangling around her wrists.

 "I will take a blood sample, and we shall see. We shall see who she is. Meanwhile, Anderson, you are under house arrest. Officer Frodo Hanks will watch over you. "

Several weeks pass, and my doorbell rings. Frodo opens the door, and it is Jax again, now with Aurora, who looks very healthy. Once again she glares at me, and I flinch.

 "It is confirmed that this girl, Aurora Anderson, is not really your daughter. She has a different, true identity. "

\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\___\_____

Chapter 1:

Rylee had asked the nurse up front, Shelby Pearson when they could see their child, but she always checked and told her,  "Not now. I'm sorry. " Rylee had asked Shelby a full five times when they could see their child, and the answer had always been,  "No. " But, suddenly, a cry arose from Back There, and Shelby ran to check. She stayed in there for 10 minutes, but came out, and spoke to the couple in front of her:  "Araceli's nurse, Merilee Anderson - well, she submitted a report. "

 "What report, Miss Pearson? " It was hard for Rylee to keep herself from shouting.

 "She-she ...did not ...survive. "

Rylee wanted to laugh, but then, when the truth hit her, she wasn't ready for it. Rylee-Grace Hernandez was shattered. Her daughter was dead.

 "Where is Merilee Anderson? " Rylee asked, calmer now, but with a strange intensity.

 "Her whereabouts are unknown. "

 "Well then go find her, then!! " I storm outside, and Xander follows me, his face flushed.

Shelby Pearson was used to this. She hated it, but mothers had miscarried here before, and she was always the one who had to break the news to them. But, if calling Merilee Anderson was going to make them feel a bit better, then that was what she was going to do. So, she went up to Doctor Nirvana Zest and said,  "May I call Merilee Anderson? "

Zest nodded.  "Use my office phone, " she said.

Shelby ran to Zest's office and dialed the number she had memorized of her good friend, Meri.  "Hello? " she said into the phone. Instead of Meri, Shelby heard an automated computer voice saying,  "Merilee Anderson does not use this number anymore. Please call a different number. " Quietly, Shelby put the phone back on the receiver, and she ran outside and tapped Zest's shoulder.  "Dr. Nirvana Zest? "

Startled, Nirvana turned around and smiled, and seeing that it is only Shelby, she said,  "Well? What did Meri say? "

 "Apparently, Merilee Anderson doesn't use her office number anymore. "

 "Wait, what? "

 "Yes, the automated computer voice thing told me. "

Zest gave her colleague a wide-eyed look, and she went to her office, leaving Shelby alone to think about the shattered couple from outside. She walked down the hall and stepped out of the exit door absentmindedly, but suddenly, she saw something white peeking out from a mound of wet dirt. Carefully, Shelby bent down and yanked at the white thing, and to her surprise, it came easily from the dirt. Smoothing it out, Shelby found that it was a lab coat. Even more curious, Shelby looked it over and saw the name label. It said: MERILEE ANDERSON.

Chapter 2:

 "Poppy! " cried Shelby. She knew that Poppy Beaumont's office was right near the exit door.  "Poppy Beaumont! Beaumont! "

Poppy stuck her head out, her red hair in a messy braid, with a blue tie that was just about falling off, but it didn't look bad. The blue tie matched her eyes, which had a mischevious twinkle in them.  "Hey, Pearson! What's the rush for? "

 "I ...found Merilee's ...lab coat ... "

 "Whoa. Meri? "

 "Yeah ... "

 "Let's go tell Zest. "

They both walked up the hall to Zest's office and knocked on it. Sipping coffee, Nirvana Zest opened the door.  "Oh, Poppy! Shelby! Come in! "

They sat down, and Doctor Nirvana Zest waited patiently for Shelby to catch her breath.  "I..I found Merilee Anderson's lab coat ... "

Immediately, Zest got up, and she said,  "Wow! Where? "

 "Outside my office, " said Poppy Beaumont.

Promptly, Nirvana picked up her announcer and said,  "Would Saralee Marie and Maelie Highland please report to my office? "

Zest cut the announcement and leaned back in her chair.  "The rest will take care of the patients. For now, all of us five can take care of this. "

After Marie and Highland arrived, they got caught up with what Shelby had seen, and Zest promptly rushed them to the lab coat. They examined it for a while, but then, suddenly, Maelie said,  "This can't be a dead end. Where would Meri go? Hmm ... "

Suddenly, Saralee cried,  "Yes! Merilee must have taken her car somewhere - she always parked it here! "

 "But why, Sara? Why leave? " asked Poppy.

 

A sudden chill raced over Nirvana Zest:  "Maybe it's because she didn't want anyone to know where she was, so, she badly buried the lab coat and went to her car. She must have been in a hurry ...Oh, no. I think she took the child, all those years ago. I think that Merilee Anderson took Araceli Hernandez. "

Chapter 3:

 "Shel, you were one of her good friends. Do you remember her license plate? "

 "Actually, yes, I do. I've seen it so many times! It's um ...45TH321. "

 "All right, then, let's go to my office to write that down. If we called a newspaper company, they could spread the news. "

And so, after a day or so, the license plate number was broadcasted all over the news. After a week of anticipation, Zest received an anonymous call about a woman not named Merilee Anderson, but Marilie Maxwell, with a car with the same license plate. Excitedly, she, Poppy, and Shelby all went to the place, and they found the car.

 "Yes, that's Merilee's, " said Shelby, softly, as all her excitement diminished into something close to sadness.  "I can't believe that this is my friend, kidnapping a child. "

 "Yes, " said Zest, with the same tone as Shelby.  "Sometimes friends aren't always what they seem to be. "

Afterwards, in case Merilee was armed and dangerous, instead of knocking on the door right away, Dr. Zest called an FBI official that was a friend of hers, Jax Smith, to investigate the issue, and they left.

 

Chapter 4:

 "It is confirmed that this girl, Aurora Anderson, is not really your daughter. She has a different, true identity. " Jax Smith said.  "She is really Araceli Maxwell, daughter of Rylee and Xander Maxwell. You, ma'am, are arrested on charges of kidnapping and child abuse. "

They snapped handcuffs on me, and I glanced up at Araceli. She looked down at me, her expression vacant, but not unforgiving. They hauled me into a car, and all the while, the child was watching me.

 

 "Hey! Anderson! Rylee Hernandez wants a word with you! Get up, git! "

I crawled to the bars that lined the front of my cell. In front of me was Rylee Hernandez.  "Merilee, I wanted to ask you something, "

 "What else do you want to say, huh? You got your girl back, didn't you? "

 "Yes, " Rylee shook her head impatiently.  "But I wanted to know why you did it. Why did you kidnap my Araceli? "

 "Because you did it to me. "

Rylee gasped, her green eyes widening. Green eyes and brown hair, just like Araceli.  "What do you mean, Merilee? "

 "You took my daughter. You posed as a nurse for my baby, too. You took my Evelyn-Grace. "

 "N- "

 "Don't try to act so sweet and innocent about it. You know you took her. "

Suddenly, Rylee's face changed. Her expression became almost evil.   "If you tell anyone, I mean ANYone, about this, Anderson, you will be sorry. You will pretend that Tina is mine. "

 "But why should I? You didn't do that! I want my daughter back! Why can't I have her back? "

Before Rylee can reply, she is hauled backward by the big burly guard that first announced her presence, claiming that I was  "dangerous ". But even he can see the expression of shock and grief on her face.

Chapter 5:

The judge told me,  "Merilee Anderson. I have a question for you. "

 "Yes, your Honor? "

 "Why? Why did you hurt Araceli? "

 "B-because she did it to me. "

 "Who? Who did what? "

 "Rylee Hernandez. She took my Evelyn-Grace when she was a baby, posing as a nurse, and renamed her Tina. She. Never. Got. Caught. "

 " ...Oh -  "

Another judge said,  "I advise that you look into the young lady's case. "

The judge looked undecided. But, at last, he said,  "Miss Anderson: There is a guarantee that you will serve years in prison. But, you opened up another case. " Next, he spoke, not to me, but to the entire office of officials in the court:  "All in favor of investigating this case? "

All of the hands, but one, raised, and the judge said,  "Okay, then! We will investigate the kidnapping of your daughter. "

Chapter 6:

Knock, knock. Surprised, Rylee got up from the couch, and she opened the door. Standing in front of  her door was an FBI official whom she knew: Frodo Hanks. He held up a document, and said,  "Search warrant. We will search your house. "

Rylee gasped.  "Wh- "

 "Move aside, please. "

Hanks shoved her aside, and she stumbled. His hand paused when he reached the closet door, because Rylee cried out,  "Sir! That is my private closet! Please do not open it! "

Eyes cold as ice, Frodo Hanks said, "We are entitled to search your house. You lost your right to privacy. "

He yanked open the door and saw a 17-year-old girl, her face tear-streaked.  "Help me, " she cried.  "Help me, "

Frodo said to her,  "Who are you, dear? "

 "Tina! Tina Hernandez! "

Suddenly, Frodo turned his eyes on Rylee:  "We are going to take a blood sample. After a couple weeks, I will be here again with results. Meanwhile, you are under house arrest. We have placed a tracker on your car, and we have officials who keep track of your movement, so, you are now under house arrest. "

Just as he promised, a couple weeks later, Frodo was standing at the door with Tina saying,  "We came with results. Results that show that Tina is not really her daughter. Actually, you kidnapped this child from Merilee Anderson, posing as a nurse and taking her that way. Next, you named her Tina. Actually, this 17-year-old girl's name is actually Evelyn-Grace Anderson. You have committed a crime, and you are under arrest. "

Just like Merilee, Rylee was hauled into a prison cell, left to wallow in her own guilt. And finally, at last, after 17 years, both children made it back home, and both women paid the price of taking them from where they belonged. They both paid a well-deserved price.

 

 