---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2018-02-19T20:27:32Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=11244
id: 11244
title: 'Book #1: Battle'
url: /?p=11244
---

_**CHAPTER 1: **_ 

Kai  grabbed a string of water from her desk and hung it up in  her room.  Her wings ruffled her chair, and strands of water fell off of it, turning to puddles on the floor.

 "No! " cried Kai, as she gathered up the strands, quickly turning them into ropes of water again with a flick of her wrist. Her curtains, made of water, flickered, almost falling and suffering the same fate as the water ropes, but Kai  dropped the strands and fixes them. Her floor that her mother had spent a long time to dry was wet again, but it didn't matter to Kai, anyway. She liked it wet.

Suddenly, her door burst open, and on the other side of it was her  sister, Fia, glaring at her.  "Kailine! You sizzled my hands! "

Kai stared at her sister's smoking hands, not noticing the long rope of fire that Fia was wrapping around her until it actually touched her.

 "Hey! " cried Kai, creating a water barrier between her and the fire.  "I can sizzle you out whenever I want to, you know, Fia? "

To prove her point, Kai sizzled her sister's fire rope, and a harsh cloud of steam covered her livid sister's face.

Above the sizzling steam, Kai shouted,  "And don't call me Kailine! It's _Kai_! "

Suddenly, grass began growing randomly out of the cracks, and the two stopped fighting immediately.

 "Kailine! Fiammetta! "

It was their mother.

 "You both should not be fighting! Be proud of who you are! " Their mother was totally misunderstanding everything, but there was no point in interrupting her.

 "Kailine! You should be _proud _ to be an Aqui! And Fiammetta! You should be  _proud_ to be an Igni! "

The grass retreated, and their mother, who had Earth power, or, in other words, was a Terri.

Kai  _hated _ to be called by her full name, but her mother was always blissfully unaware of this.

Fia glared at Kai and left reluctantly. Kai skimmed water over the surface of her room, removing all the damage  Fia had caused and huffed angrily at the retreating shape of her sister in the hallway. The area in front of her room was smoldering, but Kai simply put it out, and walked outside, forgetting that she had forgotten her Immunity Shoes. Without them, her feet would be badly damaged from walking on fire and conjured grass, so she sprinted back to her room and slipped them on. She reached outside and  skated around and around on a pool she had just frozen, feeling the delicious wind whipping her hair.  Suddenly, she felt something tug at her, gently at first. Panicked she looked down, and she realized that it was a vine, tugging at her ankle.  _Why would there be a vine?_ thought Kai.  _Some random Terri magic going rogue?_

The vine grew, catching at her black hair, and she was yanked back to her house.

It was her mother, saying,  "Kailine, come in now. There is news. "

Furiously untangling vines from her long black braid, Kai stormed inside and sat down.  "What is it, Mom? "

 "We need young, unaffected-by-war Aqui recruits for battle, ones that have not been brainwashed by the witches, our enemies. "

After a pause, the mother continued.  "The witches are all Manis, brainwashers, or Ignis, fire shooters, or Terris, earth shooters, or Venenis, poison shooters, so, since Aquis can deflect Ignis, you were first on the list. "

_What__!!_ thought Kai. It had only been a few minutes that her life had been changed. She was going to battle. She, Kailine, was going to fight.

 "Is Anna coming? "

 "No, sorry, honey. She is an Igni, so she cannot come. Anna can be very easily brainwashed, and that's the last thing we need. "

Suddenly angry, Kai replied,  "So I'm guessing you decided for me? You're sending me to Suicide Peak? "

 "Honey, " said her mother, looking pained.  "It wasn't a choice. "

**CHAPTER 2**

Seeing the strange Aqui girl on the bus, Kenn looked at her curiously, although that girl didn't know it. Kenn was riding back and forth with all the newbie recruits, trying to make them feel welcome, but something about this girl made her want to beat her up.

 "Hey! Newb! " called Kenn to the girl.  "What's your name? "

 "Kai, " came the confident answer.

 "That your full name? &#8216;Cause that's a boy name. "

 "First of all, " replied Kai,  "Kai is a unisex name, and second of all, it's just a nickname. My full name is Kailine. Don't call me that. "

 "Kai, are you a Terri? "

 "No, I'm an Aqui. "

Hiding her laughter, Kenn treated back into her seat and whispered to her best friend, Sarifina:  "There's this newbie weirdo in the other seat. She's an Aqui - name's Kai. "

A smile traced Sarifina's face, and she said,  "Let's make her feel welcome, "

Kai winced as something hot touched her hand. Looking down at it, she saw that it was a tongue of fire. Startled, Kai looked in the seat behind her and saw that girl who had asked her her name concentrating that tongue of fire onto her hand. Pretending like she didn't mean to, she heated her water by the prank fire that the girl was concentrating and spattered the now boiling hot water on that girl's face. It seemed a bit much, but sizzling someone was not at all nice, so Kai did not feel guilty.

 "Hey! " came a shout. Kai covered herself with a water boundary, and she looked up and realized that the train ride was nearly over. She sighed in relief but did not let up the protective water bubble that she had put around herself.

Kai lugged her suitcase out of the train, and hearing the shouted instructions of a person who had a badge entitled,  "Officer " on it, Kai headed to a set of cabins entitled,  "The Dorms ".

She dragged her suitcase inside of the dorm with the list with her name on it, and the random nails sticking out of the door frame grazed her  shoulders painfully, and she rolled her shoulders, trying to rid herself of the stiffness that they had acquired during the long ride on the train, and she put her stuff on the top bunk of one of two bunk beds in the cabin. Suddenly, she saw a familiar face peering up at her from the bottom bunk.  _It was the girl on the train._

 "What are you doing here! " blurted out Kai.

 "Same as you, Kailine. "

 "Don't. Call. Me. That. I didn't want to be here. "

 "You're just a silly Aqui. Why should I take you seriously? " Kai took this to be a rhetorical question because the girl ended it with a smirk.

 "The name's Kenn, anyway. Before you say that it's weird, it's a nickname of McKeinna. I'm an Igni by the way, and I don't hate you. "

With that strange comment, Kenn dropped promptly to sleep, and it was only then that Kai realized how late it was. She began to think that Kenn wasn't half-bad, even though she did concentrate some prank fire at her.

Kai's world lapsed into a dream, and she thought consciously no more.

**CHAPTER 3**

When she woke up, she saw Kenn grinning up at her, saying,  "Hey! Wanna snack? "

Uncertainly, Kai climbed down from her bunk and said,  "Where did you get it? "

 "Swiped it from an officer. "

Kai stepped back, forgetting that she was on the ladder, and she fell. Kenn pulled her to her feet and said,  "C'mon. Have some. "

 "Won't you get in trouble? " said Kai, safely on the ground.

 "Naw, they don't see anything. "  Kenn pulled out a bag and handed it to Kai.  _Chips._ Kai took a handful and handed it back to Kenn.

 "Hey! " called another girl.

Kenn got up, still holding the bag, and walked over to the other side of Kai's bunk bed. Next to it was another bunk bed, and from the top bunk another girl was getting.

 "Hey! Sarafina! " said Kai, happily.  "I didn't know that you were going to be in this cabin! "

Pointing to Kai, Kenn said,  "This is Kai. She's pretty cool. "

Kai grinned and said,  "Hello! "

Sarafina grinned at Kai before saying to Kenn,  "So - are you gonna share some of that? "

Kenn held out the bag to Sarafina, and contentedly, they all shared the chips.

Suddenly, they heard a whistle from outside. Kenn jumped up, holding the now empty bag, and she lit it on fire.  _I forgot that she is an Igni_, thought Kai, as Kenn made very quick disposal of the bag. Then, the door of their cabin burst open, and a short stout little man walked in.

 "I'm new here, recruits, so introduce yourselves. "

 "The name's Kenn. Short for McKenna. "

 "Kai. Short for Kailine. I'm the only Aqui here. "

 "Sarafina. "

 "Good, good. " said the little man.  "I am Officer Conwell. You may call me Conwell. Time for breakfast. "

Kenn walked out, followed by Kai and Sarafina, and, led by Officer Conwell, they went into a large tent with large, long wooden tables with three trays of some gray glop on it. Without a word, all three of them sat down, and they did not speak until Conwell left.

 "Some guy, huh? " said Kenn, jostling Kai.

 "Yeah. Is he new? "

 "Yes, " answered Sarafina.  "Not as bad as the old one, though. "

 "Ira ... " breathed Kenn, softly.

After a pause, Kai said,  "What happened? "

Sarafina began to choke up.  "Ira. She was a Terri, and when the old officer ordered all of us to charge, one of the more powerful Ignis charged Kenn, and Ira saw and got in the way to protect her. "

 "She ... " continued Kenn.  " ...didn't make it. "

Kai did  not process until now that she could actually  _die_ in this war. She could not process that her mother had _made_ her come here, with as much of a chance of living as an ant in this battle.

 "You remind me of her, you know, Kai? She pranked us back, too, when we shot her the prank fire. Shot us with a poisonous vine that left me a poisonous rash for days. "

There was a pause, and it was not an awkward one this time. They were lost deep in the endless jungle of their thoughts, but they were jolted out when they heard Conwell scream,  "Time's up, ladies! "

**CHAPTER 4**

Immediately, all three of them sprinted out of the tents and followed Conwell into some woods that Kai had not noticed earlier.

 "Kai, this is your first training episode. Kenn, Sarafina, you know how this goes. "

 "How does it go? " whispered Kai to Kenn uncertainly.

 "Hiking, and then dodging practice, " said Kenn, but with a pained expression on her face.

Conwell yelled,  "C'mon! Hiking is first! "

They spent four hours toiling in the relentless Sun, and by the time Kai, Kenn, and Sarafina were done, they were breathless, but the strange thing was that Conwell did not seem to be tired at all.

 "All right! Time for dodging! "

Conwell said,  "Remind me your types - Kai, you're an Igni, right? "

 "No, " she said.  "I'm an Aqui. "

 "Oh, " Conwell replied.  "So you're an Aqui, and Sarafina and Kenn are Ignis. "

After a pause where  he walked around them, slowly, calculating, he said,  "Dodging requires you to be able to dodge an opposing force. For example, Kenn and Sarafina get blasted with water boosters, while you, Kai, get blasted by plant boosters. They're deadly, mind you. "

After Conwell's little speech, they got led into separate rooms, called   "courts ". The walls between their courts were mesh, and Kai could see pretty clearly of how Sarafina and Kenn were doing since Kenn was on her left and Sarafina was on her right. Suddenly, Kai felt something tugging at her, and she realized that it was a deadly vine that was grabbing her. The vine had come out of nowhere, and Kai wished that she had been ready. She put as must energy as she could into the water blast that freed her from the vine, but just when Kai thought that she could recharge, another vine flew out, also seemingly out of nowhere. Kai dodged it, but the vine followed her. Kai froze the vine, and it dropped to the ground, lifeless, as Kai smashed it apart.

The world became like a dream. Dodging, freezing and blasting vines grew easier, but her energy levels were on the brink of collapsing all the way, and Kai began to dodge instead of using her powers to conserve her energy. And then came the telltale vine. It grabbed her, unawares, and Kai collapsed. She could not move an inch. The vine slowly began dragging her towards the opposite wall, and suddenly, the room came alive.

It disappeared before her eyes, and Kenn was looking at her, saying,  "So! How were the plants! "

Kenn winced as an ill-placed bandage hit a sore spot on her hands.

 "What happened to you? " asked Kai.

 "Sizzle marks. It is unbelievable what water can do. " Kenn said, grinning.

Kai grinned, despite the situation, and said,  "Where is Sarafina? "

 "Back there, " replied Kai, pointing behind Kai.  "I'll come with you. "

They crawled over to where Sarafina was, and she was standing.  "I went through kinda well! " said Sarafina loudly, although you could tell that she was lying through her teeth. Kai and Kenn laughed until they heard Conwell scream,  "C'mon ladies! You're preparing for battle! Opponents don't let you sit around like that! "

Immediately, Kai and Kenn launched themselves on their sore knees and nearly fell down again. But Conwell was watching, so they forced themselves to walk over, followed closely by Sarafina. At last, Conwell said,  "You need to get better! You will be a disgrace if you fight like that! "

The three tuned out Conwell, too tired to listen to his seemingly endless lecture, until he said,  "There's a new recruit! A Terri! Her name is Ella, and she will be joining your bunks. "

**CHAPTER 5**

Suddenly, a girl with a long  blonde ponytail walked out from behind Conwell, her piercing gray eyes staring at Kenn, Sarafina, and Kai.

 "This is her! " continued Conwell.  "Get to know her! There is no use of a battle regiment if you ladies can't get along! "

Kai matched her own blue eyes to be as piercing as Ella's, and Ella's expression flickered.  _Was that amusement?_ thought Kai.

They all led Ella to their bunks, and once they closed the door, Ella said,  "I'm a Terri. What're you? "

Kenn replied,  "I, Kenn, am an Igni, Sarafina's also an Igni, and Kai's an Aqui. "

Ella looked at Kai for a moment before saying,  "So are you any good at fighting? "

It was a moment before Kai realized that Ella was speaking to her.  "I guess, kinda ... "

Suddenly, she felt a tugging on her leg. It was a vine.  "Stop that! " said Kai.

Ella smirked and said,  "You said you were good at fighting! "

Kai kicked the vine, but it was a strong one, so she tried to freeze it. Suddenly, just as Kai initiated her blast, the vine quickly swung upwards, smacking Kai in the face. She tasted blood, and Kai angrily reared up for another blast, when Ella pulled the vine towards her, making Kai fall painfully in an awkward position.

But then, there was a flash of orange, and Kai got up, no longer feeling the vine on her leg.

Ella was standing there, glancing for a moment at the dead vine on the floor when Sarafina withdrew her hands and said,  "Don't mess with my friends. "

Ella muttered something and dusted herself off. But just as she was about to leave the cabin, Kenn stuck her foot out right near Ella's step, and she tripped. Kenn quickly withdrew her foot, and said,  "If you tell Conwell, he's not gonna believe you. "

Ella glared at all of them and burst outdoors.

Kai got up slowly, and said lightly,  "Well! That was a bit much! "

 "That girl, " growled Kenn, lifting her hand.  "is bad news. " A fire began to glow hot on her palm, but suddenly, it subsided, and Kenn put her hand down, saying,  "There  is nothing we can do now, though. She's proven who she is to us, and I will make sure that we treat her accordingly. " They all walked outside, and they saw Ella talking to Conwell. As the threesome neared, they heard Ella saying,  "So how are we going to train? "

Interrupting her, Kenn shouted,  "Conwell! What do we do now? "

Conwell looked up at Kenn and said,  "Dinner. "

Kai realized that she was starving. But then, she was hit by a pang in her stomach that was not hunger. Homesickness, much worse than what she had ever experienced before.

 "What's wrong? " said Sarafina.

 "N-nothing, " said Kai, turning her face away from her friends.

 "They let you talk to your parents every night, you know, " said Sarafina gently from behind her.

Kenn looked at them and said,  "Yeah! It's awesome! They give you all of dinner, which is one hour, to talk to your parents! "

Kai instantly felt better, and she walked towards the dinner tent that Conwell was leading them towards.

The tent was just like the breakfast tent, except, on the wooden tables, as well as trays full of vegetables and some more gray glop from breakfast, there were devices in front of the trays. Kai sat down and Kenn said to her,  "C'mon, I'll show you how to use 'em. "

Kai, watching Kenn, picked up a device and laid her palm on it, and she saw the faces of her mother. Kai gasped and let out a garbled version of,  "Oh my! "

Instantly, Kai began shoveling food into her mouth, and said,  "Mom? "

Her mother looked at her and broke into tears, saying,  "Kai! Are you all right? "

 "Yes, I'm all right, Mom. "

Her mother ushered someone into the screen, and it was Fiammetta, staring at her.  "Hi, pickle. "

Kai grinned at the mention of the nickname that Fia had given her a long time ago, and said,  "Hi, Fia! "

 "You the only Aqui there? " asked Fia, and Kai replied,  "Yeah, well at least what I know of. I have two Igni friends though, " said Kai.

She showed the screen to Sarafina and Kenn, who waved at Fia and Kai's mother.

 "Cool, so is the food good there? " said Fia, smiling.

Kai grimaced and said,  "Depends on what you call _good,_ " while showing Fia her tray, with her uneaten gray glop and her remaining slimy vegetables.

Fia made a face and said,  "You wanna talk to Mom? "

Kai nodded while grinning, and Fia stepped out of the screen's view with a wave. Kai's mother straightened herself up, looking at her tearful mother, who said,  "Oh, Kai! Are you settling well there? "

Kai told her mother all about Conwell, her friends, and Ella.

When she finished, her mother said, frowning,  "You really should tell that Conwell fellow about Ella, "

 "Conwell won't do anything. "

 "Ah, " said her mother, deepening her frown. The time ran out fast in this manner, and they went off to bed, relating to each other about their families.

Sarafina grinned at her friends and said,  "They found out that my baby sister, Lynn, is an Aqui! She's already started shooting water! "

Kenn laughed and continued,  "My four-year-old sister with late powers just discovered that she could heat up the pan in our house! "

This went on until they heard Conwell bark,  "Go to bed! "

They all crashed into bed, elapsing into a dreamless sleep.

**CHAPTER 6**

Training and life, in general, went on like this for many months. Kai, Kenn, and Sarafina began to ignore Ella completely, and that suited them fine. All of them got stronger, and one day, Conwell said,  "All right, ladies! Ten-minute break! Your first real battle is comin' up! "

Kai sat down, followed by Sarafina and then Kenn.  "First battle?! " said Kai, looking up at her friends.

 "Yeah, " said Kenn, grimly, but her expression changed quickly. She grew very sad, and said quietly,  "Ira didn't make it through this battle ... "

Neither of them said anything, and their silence was insensitively broken by a cry:  "Kenn! Kai! Sarafina! "

All of them looked up at the mention of their names, and Ella said,  "Guys, I just wanted to say I'm sorry. "

 "Sorry for what? " said Kenn, spitting the words out as if they had a bad taste.

 "All those months ago, I attacked Kai for no reason. I just wanted to say I'm sorry. "

Kenn, Kai, and Sarafina were surprised, but they did not show it.

Sarafina, in a gentler voice than Kenn, said,  "We'll see. But why did you attack Kai? "

Ella looked down at her feet, her blond hair covering her eyes.  "My dad's Conwell. "

**CHAPTER 7**

 "He forced me to come here, and he told me to start by attacking you guys. In return, he would treat me like his real daughter, the way he hadn't been doing for all twelve years of my existence. "

After a pause, Ella continued.  "I wanted it so bad, you know. My mother died when I was nine years old, and having a cold, lifeless man for a father is not easy. I was so lonely. I should have known that he would back out on his word. "

Kai said,  "That's all right, Ella. " Reluctantly, Kenn nodded, and Sarafina said gently,  "Thank you. "

Ella walked behind them, but suddenly, Kai took her hand, and said,  "C'mon, Ella. Walk with us. "

She grinned, and they all walked together, towards Conwell.

Conwell shoved uniforms at them that smelled of bleach, and he barked,  "Put them on! "

After they put their uniforms on, Conwell shoved a piece of cloth in each of their faces.  "Wrap this around your hands! They won't last in brutal battle conditions! "

Kai stared down at her rough and leathery hands, but they all put them  on anyway. At last, they were ready. Marching in military-like formation, and casting comfortable looks at each other, they all walked in with Conwell.

Blasts echoed on the land above them, and Kenn winced as small sprays of water sizzled her face. Conwell said loudly,  "Now, ladies go out there and don't be cowards! The people in the blue uniforms, same as yours, are on our side! "

But then, just as they were all about to run out onto the battlefield, Conwell grabbed Ella by the collar. Vines snaked out of her wrists, gripping her father's  wrists so tight that they turned purple. Nevertheless, Conwell leaned into his daughter's face and said,  "You ain't running nowhere, Missy. "

And with that, he dropped Ella to the ground. The vines around Conwell's wrists dropped and lay lifeless on the ground as Ella lost control. But then, Kenn helped Ella up and pulled a flask about the size of a plastic water bottle out of her pocket. With Sarafina, Ella, and Kai watching her, she said,  "I snuck this into my uniform. If you're injured,  a sip of this will provide you with all the energy you need. " Then, holding the flask out to Ella, Kenn continued.  "Drink this. "

Ella began to shake her head, saying,  "N-no, I really shouldn't- "

But Kenn interrupted her and said quietly,  "Please don't refuse. You're going to be finished out there without all of your energy. "

Ella reluctantly took the flask and tipped a drop back into her throat. She felt an extraordinary sensation, and suddenly, she felt like sprinting a marathon. Grinning, she handed the flask back to Kenn, who tucked it back into her uniform. At last, they all ran towards the battlefield.

**CHAPTER 8**

Kai ran out onto the battlefield with her friends and was spotted immediately. The person who had spotted her was obviously a Terri because she shot vines at Kai. Kai dodged, but one vine caught her fingers.

The vine squeezed and squeezed, and Kai froze the vine and smashed it to pieces. The person who had shot her walked away, thinking that she had taken down Kai.

Kai dove behind a tree, trying to catch her breath. Not even her relentless training could keep her fear and adrenaline down. Suddenly, she panicked. Where were her friends?

Kai quickly built a strong water boundary around her, and she checked. Then, she saw them. In the next tree over, Kenn, Sarafina, and Ella were crouched, looking everywhere frantically. Then, Kai had an idea. Using the lightest blast she could, she shot a rope of water over to where her friends were, and the water caught and smashed against Ella's wrist. Ella instantly was on guard, and then, she saw Kai. Kai crawled over to her friends, and Ella grabbed her just as a Veneni shot a poison blast.

They crouched, very still, but suddenly, Kenn's shoulders got sizzled.  "We've been found, " she said, panic flooding her voice. Kenn shot a fire blast at the Aqui that had hit her, but it was no use. The Aqui advanced, and they all scattered. Ella stayed frozen in one place, but Kai dragged her away from the enemy.  Sweat running down her forehead, Kai shielded Ella but had to duck away as random vines began to snake from Ella's wrists. Kai jumped away and shook her friend. Instantly, the vines snapped away, and they began running again, dodging, freezing, and blocking blasts that came at them from every direction.

 "Help! " came a cry. Kai turned towards the sound, and she realized that it was Kenn. Her yelling was attracting the opponents, and so was the fire glowing hot in her palm.  "Ella, " said Kai, urgently.  "Stay here. " Ella feverishly nodded, and Kai ran towards Kenn. She dipped some of her water into a puddle of poison, keeping it well away from her, knowing that it was fatal to her, and she threw a cape of that poisoned water over the crowd of blasters that surrounded Kenn and Sarafina. They scattered instantly, and Kai was able to get to Kenn.

 "Kenn! " cried Kai.  "What happened?! "

 "It's Sarafina, " said Kenn, her breath coming fast and ragged.  "She got hit by a really powerful Aqui blast and just - collapsed. "

 "Aqui?! " cried Kai, and she said,  "I think we need Ella. Terris have um ...'energy/life-giving powers', don't they? "

 "I don't know, Kai. I just don't know! "

 "Let me get Ella, and I'll see what she can do. "

Kai sprinted back to Ella, who was still crouched, terrified, behind the same tree, with Kai's water boundary still around her.

Kai shook her friend and muffled a cry from her, saying,  "Shh ...Ella - we need you. " Keeping her voice quiet and calmly got Ella out of there, and Kai got Ella to understand what was going on.

 "Oh my gosh! I didn't know that I could do that! "

 "Yes, " said Kai, worriedly,  "but you'll have to concentrate. "

Kenn pulled her energy flask out in case, and Ella shut her eyes tight, her fingers in the direction of Sarafina's seemingly lifeless body.

Sarafina began to glow. Kenn started, but Kai dragged her away as to not stop Ella's concentration, and suddenly, Sarafina coughed. Ella continued giving her energy to Sarafina and at last, Sarafina opened her eyes.

 "Sara! " said Kenn, loudly, and Sarafina replied groggily,  "What happened? "

Kai saw a Venema rearing up for a blast at them, so instead of answering Sarafina's question, she said,  "Run. "

They all sprinted to the other side of the battlefield, dragging Sarafina with them. But Ella lagged farther and farther behind until she almost got hit. Heart racing, Kai looked at Kenn meaningfully and pointed to Ella, grabbing the flask out of her hand. Kai raced into the middle of the field, thick with blasts, and tipped a drop of energy fluid into Ella's throat. She instantly got up, and she sprinted alongside Kai to Sarafina and Kenn. Then, when everyone was back, they all told Sarafina what happened. But then, Kenn's eyes strayed beyond the strong water boundary that Kai had put around them, the boundary that kept them safe, but one that Kenn was avoiding. She saw a flash of white, and she realized that they were eyes. Kenn tapped Kai's shoulders and pointed discreetly at the person who was watching them, and the boundary shattered as Kai's concentration broke. All four of them backed up against the tree as the person watching them showed himself. But there was something recognizable in those eyes. And that military stance. And especially that sneer.

**CHAPTER 9**

Conwell.

Conwell, wearing an opposing black uniform. Stifling a cry, Sarafina made to swing a fire blast at him, but something made her stop.

Terrified, Kenn's eyes widened, and she whispered to Kai,  "He's a Mani. A brain-washer. "

At once, Kenn's intentions changed. She suddenly felt like pouncing on the people who were backed up against the tree behind her, blasting bolt after bolt of fire into their faces. She felt like she should know that girl with the blonde hair and gray eyes, and that girl with the blue eyes and black hair, and  _especially _ that girl with the green eyes and brown hair.

_Who were they_? thought Kenn, frustrated with herself. And then, suddenly, as gentle as a drop of water from a faucet, she remembered a name.  _Kailine._ She got up, and Conwell backed up to make room for her, grinning. Stumbling towards those three other girls, she muttered,  "Kailine. "

The girl with the blue eyes jumped up and said,  "Shh ...Kenn ...I'm Kailine. "

Then, Kenn remembered and turned towards Conwell hatefully.  "Conwell, " she growled. But, Sarafina grabbed her shoulder and yanked her down. When Kenn sat down again, once again backed up against the tree, she saw a very ugly look on Conwell's face and suddenly smashed a fire blast in his face. The world began to spin as Conwell fell, and the world went black.

**CHAPTER 10**

 "Kenn! " came a shout. Instantly, Kenn woke up, feeling lightheaded. She was lying down, and everyone else was standing around her. But despite her tiredness, she bolted upright and shouted,  "Guys! What are you doing?! We gotta run! C'mon. "

 "No, we don't, Kenn, " said Kai.  "We won the battle. "

 "W-we did? " said Kenn, in a small voice.

 "Yes. "

Kenn suddenly broke into tears, murmuring,  "Thank goodness ... "

Suddenly, a group of adults burst into the room that all of them were in, and when each of them, except for Ella's parents, looked closer, they realized that those  adults were their parents.

 "Oh, Kai! " cried Kai's mother.

Their parents were standing at the door, smiling tearfully. And now, Kai was grateful.