---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2018-03-13T21:18:20Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=11464
id: 11464
url: /?p=11464
---

**PROLOGUE**

The girl woke up, her green dress in tatters and her black hair curly and messy. Her legs felt like jelly, and she did not stand for a while. Soon, she fell asleep, and only woke up when she was swaddled in a cart.

 "Oh, you're awake. " said a woman in a white coat.

Bolting upright and failing, because of the tight cloth was woven around her, the girl cried,  "Why am I here? "

Shushing the girl, the woman bent down and whispered,  "Do you remember your name? "

 "My name? " the girl said innocently, half to herself and half to the woman leaning over her.  "Oh! I don't remember my name! What is my name?! "

Shushing her once more, the woman said,  "It will come back to you, my dear, "

 

And it did.

**CHAPTER 1**

It was time to go to the dance. Pika turned around and around in her beautiful, sleek, ice-green dress, enjoying the feeling of the dress ballooning up prettily around her.

She would have stayed longer, but her mother called her from downstairs.  "Pika! Come down! "

Pika rushed downstairs in her bare feet and slipped her feet into the beautiful ice-green slippers her mother got for her, and she got in the car with her mother, who drove her to the dance.

Pika saw her friend, Kyla, almost immediately, and she walked over to her.  "Hi, Kyla! " she said.

Kyla looked at Pika and said,  "Pika, you look beautiful! " Pika laughed with her friend, who was wearing a beautiful blue dress with clear slippers, and said,  "You look beautiful, too, Kyla! "

Kyla gestured over to where a table was in a corner of the room and said,  "Go on, Pika, have some cake! "

Pika obligingly went over and took a large slice of the chocolate cheesecake, but then, she saw something glint in the little light of the disco ball hanging from the ceiling in the dead center of the room. She realized that the glint was coming from an open doorway, and she ducked inside the door and saw an arm swinging, a watch dangling from its wrist. Frozen with fear, Pika stayed still, hoping that the owner of the arm would not see her. But then, a blurred face peered out of the darkness of the opening of the door, a creepy smile spread across it, staring at Pika, appeared, and everything went black.

 

**CHAPTER 2**

 "How could you not know my name? " pleaded the girl.

 "I do know your name, but you must learn it yourself. "

The girl thought hard, itching for the remembrance of her name, and then, she remembered a name.  "Kyla, " she said aloud.

The woman gently shook her head and said,  "No, your name is not Kyla. "

 "P-Pika. Pika. " stammered the girl, and suddenly, all her memories flooded back to her.

Turning to the woman, still swaddled in the cloth that was trapping her, she said,  "My name is Pika, isn't it, "

 "Yes. "

Relaxing, Pika sat still for a moment, and then, she said,  "Why am I here? "

The woman only shook her head, and Pika grew frustrated. She shook her arms, but the cloth refused to budge. Trying to kick her legs, Pika grew more and more frustrated. It was as if the cloth was consuming more and more of her energy, so she shouted at the woman,  "Let me out! "

The woman stared at Pika for a moment, and then, with a huge pair of scissors that she drew from a pouch hanging from her shoulder, she cut away the cloth.

Pika remained there, her green dress wrinkled and messy, and  her hair in a messy ponytail.

CHAPTER 3

Paislee cried hysterically into her phone.  "It's Pauletta! Pauletta Nova Marlough! "

She hated how the 911 operator's voice sounded so calm, as if they didn't care about her daughter. But, then again, they really didn't care about her daughter Pauletta, so it was fair.

Kind of.

Paislee had always imagined these sort of things happening to other people, but it had happened to her. After her mother's death. After Paislee had promised her mother, Pika Ryans, to take care of Pauletta.

Pauletta was sixteen years old - old enough to get caught up in things worse for her own good. But for a girl who insisted on being called  "Pika " for the strong love of her grandmother - Paislee knew that this was not the case. She trusted Pauletta.

With a high, hysterical voice, Paislee answered all the questions the 911 operator gave to her, and leaned back in her car seat, resting her trembling fingers on the steering wheel. Where was her daughter?

CHAPTER 4

Pika tiptoed out at night, jumping at every creak she heard. Her heart was thumping