---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2018-02-11T02:44:20Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=11144
id: 11144
title: Rapunzel
url: /?p=11144
---

There was once a sixteen-year-old girl who lived with her Aunt Stella. She had a stepsister, and the stepsister pretended that the girl, Savannah, did not exist, but, as Savannah though, it could be worse. But what was the worst was Stella. Aunt Stella hated her stepdaughter, for one reason: her past.

When Savannah was younger, she was the daughter of a king and queen: Marlena and Arnold Armstrong. She was Savannah Armstrong, the proud princess of a kingdom. But one day, her kingdom got attacked. The castle was not attacked, but instead, the hundreds of little villages that lived under Marlena and Arnold's command were attacked by terrorists for following the crown. The only way, the terrorists said, to retain peace, was to sacrifice the crown, as Savannah had been told. So, on her tenth birthday,(Savannah did not remember this - her Aunt Stella told her) Marlena and Arnold were no more. Now, for Savannah, instead of a crown, she saw two gravestones in her future. Savannah was dragged off to Stella with the little wealth she had managed to scavenge, and was left to live there like a dead rat. And they did treat her like a dead rat. It was horrible.

Stella did not even bother to use Savannah's name. Savannah was called  "Girl " and it was always,  "Girl " this,  "Girl " that. And Stella also loved to sell her stepdaughter's wealth. And one day, Savannah had enough. She gathered up her belongings in a little red bag, and slipped her delicate feet into the beautiful slippers that Marlena had given her, and tiptoed outdoors at twilight, not having the faintest idea of where to go. She figured that if characters in books were successfully able to run away like this, then she could too. But, it got dark soon, and Savannah tripped over a large rock, and after the quick, nasty, fall, she blacked out.

When Savannah awoke, she saw something outlined in a blue glow grinning at her. A small person with wings. A fairy! Savannah pinched herself, slapped her herself, and blinked her eyes several times, but the fairy did not disappear, so she was sure that the fairy was not an object of her imagination. Seeing her awake, the fairy said,  "Oh, you're awake, Savannah! It was a pretty nasty fall you had there, "

 "H-how do you know my name? " stuttered Savannah.

 "I fly around your house on some days, and I heard that rotten Stella mutter your name under her breath. "

Seeing Savannah gape, the fairy laughed and said,  "Savannah - tell me your story, "

After a pause, Savannah began.  "I can't tell you all of it, because I don't remember anything before I was seven years old, " and with that, Savannah told the fairy about how she once was a happy little girl, destined to be queen.

At the end, the fairy had a strange look on her face.  "What was that you said about you being seven years old? "

 "Oh - I don't remember anything before I was seven years old. "

After an awkward pause, the fairy said firmly,  "Does the name Rapunzel mean anything to you? "

 "Er ...Rapunzel? " Savannah was about to respond no, but an image - no, a memory - that she had not thought of recently flooded her mind's eye.

It was a little girl, about three years old.  _It's me,_ Savannah realized.  _That little girl is me,_ The girl was standing next to a woman that looked strikingly like the fairy.  _It_  was _the fairy. _ 

The woman - no, the fairy - had a beautiful gold ring on her finger, with a little silver heart charm on it. The ring caught the younger Savannah's eyes, and she said,  "Mother, that looks beautiful! "

The woman, her mother, replied,  "Thank you, Rapunzel, darling, "

The image cleared, and Savannah did not know what to think. Tongue-tied, Savannah looked towards the fairy and said,  "M-mother? "

 "Oh, Rapunzel! " The fairy cried, and large tears began rolling down her plump cheeks.

But Savannah was confused.  "How can I be Rapunzel? "

 "When you were young, your father - Prince Charming - stole some lettuce for me from Queen Marlena's garden, and we got caught. When you were a baby, Marlena, the evil sorceress, took you as punishment. " After a short pause, Cinderella continued.  "When she took you, she was planning on pretending to be nice to you, and then lock you up in a tower. But, she had to disappear. "

 "So Marlena's really not dead - she disappeared, right? "

 "Yes, Rapunzel. After she disappeared, according to law, you had to be carted off to your nearest relative - Stella. "

 "But, like any curse - the curse of your story, Rapunzel - there is an anticurse - a way to break the curse. And that anticurse was me. "

 "What do you mean? " asked Rapunzel.

 "If you learned who I was, and believed me, then you would not have to live your story. You have been lied to all your life. "

Suddenly, the fairy stopped, with a concerned look on her face, seeing a pained expression on her daughter's face.  "What's wrong? "

 "I-I'm starting to remember. Kicking and flailing in a bag. Seeing Marlena's face as she dragged me away. "

Suddenly, the fairy transformed into a woman that looked exactly like her, and said,  "This is my true form - My only form. And Rapunzel, those memories are painful - but you will have the chance to make new, more meaningful ones. "

Rapunzel sank to her knees and hugged the woman that was her real mother.  "I'm glad that I won't be lied to any more, Mother, " whispered Rapunzel.

 

 

 