---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2018-02-28T03:03:00Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=11414
id: 11414
url: /?p=11414
---

**PROLOGUE**

Casper sits down on the bench, straightening out his newspaper. He skims over the paper until he sees a small headline reading,  "Series of Murders Ranging Across Kansas City ". Discreetly, Casper smiles a small smile to himself, for he knows. He knows who did it. He knows who killed Gertrude Rose and Rebecca Moore.

**CHAPTER 1**

Officer Dana  Johnson, with a stash of crumpled papers clutched in her closed fist, walked to her highest employee, Ivy Smith. Smith, seeing Dana walk over, stood up, and said,  "Danica, "

Johnson's mouth tightened, but she said,  "Ivy, will you please investigate the murders in Kansas City? "

 "Yes, ma'am, " said Ivy, and she turned towards a computer with a black screen and pressed a button on its back that revived it.

Suddenly, Dana remembered something that she wanted to tell Ivy,  "Officer Smith, Casper still isn't speaking. He claims to know who did it. "

 "Who? "

Exasperated, Dana threw down the papers that were now damp with sweat from her palm and said,  "Ivy! Casper Robinson! "

 "Oh, right, " said Ivy, in a completely inappropriate light tone.  "The suspect, "

Dana dearly wanted to demote Ivy from her position, but something made her stop. She did not know what that something was, but she hoped that it would clear away soon.

 "I will get Officer Queen to interrogate him again, "

Ivy did not reply, but that was fine with Dana. Picking up her walkie-talkie, Dana whispered into the little microphone,  "Officer Molly Queen, please come down to my office, Molly Queen, "

About two minutes later, a young woman, only about twenty-two years old, was standing in front of Dana's office, her piercing bright blue eyes and her black hair in a neat braid making her look very curt and presentable.

Dana stepped out of her office, and upon seeing Molly Queen, she smiled and said,  "Molly, I will need you to interrogate Casper, Casper Robinson about the murders again, "

Molly, looking uncertain, said,  "Alright, I'll see what I can do, "

Hands trembling, Molly walked down the hall and into a room with mint-green walls, where a man with playful green eyes and almost impertinent blond hair was sitting, feet chained to the legs of the table, a camera behind Molly trained on him.

**CHAPTER 2**

 "Casper, " Molly said, trying to hide  her fear,  "You claim to know who participated in the murders. "

 "Yes, " he said, just as playful as those dancing green eyes. Molly suddenly felt a rush of rage, rage that he was just letting these murders happen and dancing just out of reach.

 "Why do you claim to know? Isn't hiding  better than turning yourself in? "

Casper's expression flickered momentarily, but his eyes weren't as playful as before when he spoke.  "I-I work for someone, a'right? I don't know his motives! "

Molly tasted a word Casper let slip on her tongue, savoring before she let it go.  "_His._ "

Casper looked lost and confused, but Molly interrupted and said icily,  "Who is this person you work for? "

 "I-I ...I won't tell! " he shouted, his slight southern accent showing clear in his voice.

Molly said curtly,  "It won't matter if you tell or not, anyway. We'll find out who did it, Casper. And in the end, you will _pay_. "

Just as she turned to leave, Casper gasped out,  "B-Bill. H-his name is Bill. Brown hair, black eyes. "

Pivoting and slamming her fists down on the table in front of Casper,  Molly said,  "Is that his full name? "

 "Y-yes, his full first name ...but I don't know his last name! " said Casper feverishly.

With one look at Casper, Molly left the room, slamming the door, leaving a sobbing man in the room.

**CHAPTER 3**

Molly stumbled over her own feet, surprised at her own revelation. She nearly slammed into Dana, who caught her shoulders just in time.  "Molly? " she said, looking into her employee's eyes.

Molly looked up at Dana and said,  "I found the first name of the offender - Bill. Brown hair, black eyes. "

Surprised, Dana fixed a more intense stare at her employee.  "But ...but how did you get that information so fast? "

 "He broke down halfway. "

 "Ah. "

Suddenly, Molly saw Ivy prancing down the hall towards them.  "Danica! " she cried in a happy tone that was not appropriate for the situation.

Sharply, Dana turned around and stared Ivy down.  "Hey! Don't be so annoying! " shouted Ivy. Dana, about to say something, stepped towards Ivy, but Ivy interrupted her, gesturing towards Molly Queen.  "So! Did Hot-shot Queenie finish the interrogation? "

Dana did not think before she said these words, which was unlike her. Instead, she went with her gut feeling and said to her worst, least-hardworking employee,  "You're fired. "

With that, with Molly following close behind, Dana left a very stunned Ivy in the hall.

**CHAPTER 4**

Molly went to work the next day, and she and two other employees, Harper Belle and Clementine Roberts, investigated the murders under the order of Dana.

 