---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2018-03-08T01:24:07Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=11484
id: 11484
url: /?p=11484
---

_**TABLE OF INSIGNIAS:**_

Venus:  £

Earth:  ≡

Jupiter:  §

Saturn:  ¥

Mars:  €

 

Zhora cursed as she saw a satellite crash onto her beloved planet's surface. This was the forty-eighth  satellite that had crashed onto Venus during Zhora's regime, ever since Earth had wasted away. Angrily, she stalked outside and checked the insignia:  §.

It was the Jupitites, from Jupiter. Annoyed, Zhora walked slowly inside her spaceroom, and she picked up the handhold and whispered into the mike,  "Kane triplets, please come down to Princepa Zhora's spaceroom. This is war. "

**CHAPTER 1**

They were the last. Molly, Kira, Poppy, Ray, and Holden. The survivors out of the Zombie Apocalyps, the ones that had killed their families. Why all of the survivors were in the same area was a mystery to all of them, but they did not know each other well - only a few greetings were exchanged. They still didn't trust one another, but they all knew one thing-those darned Venusans had sent those zombies when an Earth spacecraft ironically named,  _Success 101,_ crashed onto Venus. They sent those zombies, thinking that Earth would just waste away, and be a threat no more, but they were wrong. There were, in fact, six sixteen year olds, left on the nearly wasted Earth.

CHAPTER 2

Aeryn shouted at her employees, yelling,  "Why, Harlem, did you crash the spaceship onto Venus?! "

Poor Harlem didn't know what to say. His leader intinidated him, and he never liked to make her mad, but sometimes he did without meaning to, like now. He had incorrectly drawn up the trajectory of the camera spacecraft, and thinking that it would blast off and then slowly fall into the the gravity circle of Jupiter, he let it blast off, and now, Ingeda Aeryn was yelling at him.

 "I-Ingeda ... " he stammered, but she didn't hear him. Aeryn was mad, so mad, that she had begun to turn green. This wholly frightened Harlem, and he was frozen to his chair.

 "This means _war, _ Harlem! War! " Aeryn left with this last cry, and Harlem felt a little more relieved. He had not paid attention to what Ingeda Aeryn had said, and he walked home, knees no longer shaking, carefree as a butterfly in a garden of milkweed.

CHAPTER 3

Ash laughed and clapped with joy as he slowly watched the trajectory of the satellite he had just launched. But then, his face fell as he realized that he had overshot it. The satellite, instead of safely reaching Jupiter with a kind message and some sweets(Aeryn _loved_ those sweets) landed in the Asteroid belt, between Jupiter and Mars. Praying with all his might that the satellite would not land on Mars, he bit his lip until he tasted blood. Mars, ruled by Roi Finn, whose people were bloodthirsty and vicious was not a good threat to have. But Rido Ash's fears were confirmed. The bashed up satellite landed on Mars, and Ash slammed his fist against his trajectory screen. Hearing the sound, Han, a young child, only nine years old in Earth years, rushed in, holding a large red Earth balloon, and Ash looked sorrowfully at him. Han was Ash's pride and joy. When Ash's son died when fighting in a war against Venus, Han, his nephew, was born. When Han became an orphan, Ash swore to protect him.

Tentatively, Han asked,  "Rido Ash? Ash, is everything okay? "

 "No. The satellite landed on Mars. "

Even young Han, who had not lived a full Saturnian year yet, understood the terror of this new threat, and the last thing Rido Ash needed was trouble.

CHAPTER 4

Roi Finn heard a crash outside his spaceroom. Grabbing the Earthen knife he had found on his travels, the blade glinting red against the light of the pale sky, Finn saw a satellite. The insignia,  ¥, showed Finn that this satellite was from Saturn. Confused, as Finn carefully propped open the satellite, he wondered why Rido Ash would send him a satellite. But then, he saw a great insult. Squashed sweets, rendered useless by rocks that filled the satellite. A message, ripped up. And the rocks! The satellite was broken and damaged, and Finn was sure that this was an insult. It would be war, and Ash would be sorry.

CHAPTER 5

 "Molly? " called Poppy. She was the youngest among them, only twelve, and she had liked Molly, even though she was  six  years older than her. Molly took Poppy under her wing immediately, and Poppy grew to adore the older girl, with her soft brown eyes and beautiful rippling blond hair.

Molly, hearing Poppy, got up instantly in the house that they found without any dead zombie bodies, and reached the room Poppy had picked for herself. Molly was unable to sleep as well, and when she reached Poppy, Poppy looked at her with wide, green eyes, saying,  "Molly, I had a nightmare. " Poppy felt very small and young and immature, but she couldn't help but being this way, not after the apocalyps. Not after she had seen her family get attacked. From a distance, frozen with fear, Poppy had watched. She had watched, unable to tear her eyes away, her sister. That zombie had grabbed Laura, its long finger nails digging into her, and then, her sister went limp. The zombie dropped  Laura's lifeless body, and seeing Poppy, it started for her, fast. Poppy bolted, and she had shut and slammed the door to her room, which the zombie had scratched futilely at, for Poppy had barricaded the door. Poppy had slowly eaten the  stash of snacks she had put in her room after the threat of zombies was on the news, and there she lay for weeks, slowly starving, only kept alive with her abundant source of water.

But then, she heard a knock. Holding her breath, Poppy dove into bed and played dead, in case a zombie was on the other side of that door. But then, she heard a voice.  "Hello? Is anyone in here? We're searching for survivors. "

At that, Poppy had opened the door, and Molly was standing there. Poppy, holding her last bottle of water, walked outside with Molly, devastated at the mess. There were corpses everywhere, both zombie and human. And Poppy saw her sister's body there, eyes open, but rolled back into her head.

Poppy found herself telling Molly all this, and Molly only sat there. She listened, though, and that was enough for Poppy.

CHAPTER 6

Kairos, Karanne, and Kaiden Kane, the triplets, sauntered into Princepa Zhora's spaceroom. Kairos, the fiercest one, fingered her Earthling handgun as she glared at Zhora, who returned the glare, equally as piercing. Kairos tended not to think before she did things, but she was fierce, and Zhora appreciated that. Kaiden was almost the opposite. He was a thinker, and he tended to hold his sister, who was younger by just a minute, back from doing crazy things, like stealing Zhora's crown, or picking a fight with her. Kaiden was a general, and had a very good life, with a sister who respected him with his ability to think, and with a Princepa was trusted him. Karanne was fierce, like Kairos, but she thought before she did things, which made her a good spy. Karanne had been sent to many missions to other planets to learn of their plans.

Kairos said, in a little too light tone,  "Yes, Princepa? What do you need? "

Zhora, recognizing the disrespectful lilt in Kairos's tone, snapped back,  "Jupittite satellite. _Again._ "

This time, Kaiden responded.  "Princepa Zhora, Ingeda Aeryn- "

Zhora snapped back,  "Do _not _ use the respectful title for leader when referencing to Jupiter's leader. "

Head bowed, Kaiden continued.  "I'm sorry, Princepa. Ingeda Aeryn, or Aeryn, queen of Jupiter, must know of this. They must have done this on purpose, you do not think, Princepa Zhora? "

Slowly, Princepa Zhora nodded, and she turned her back on the Kane triplets, and said,  "Karanne Kane, please blast off in this missile with a message of peace. The Jupittites will hopefully let you in, where you can learn of Ingeda Aeryn and her aerist, Harlem, and their intentions. "

Karanne saluted Zhora's turned back, and then, with a smart click of her heels, Karanne turned around and walked stiffly outside the spaceroom.

Silently, Kaiden and Kairos waited until Zhora dismissed them.

After her attendants left, Zhora sat down on the hard floor that was oddly comforting to her. She did not mind the spaceships crashing onto her planet until that day. The day her grandmother, the one who had loved her and named her with the name, Zhorina, died. A Saturnian spacecraft had skidded on the planet. and Zhora's grandmother, Kalana, was kneeling down, fingering a beautiful Venusian flower. Zhora had run out, yelling for her grandmother to get up, but it was too late. The spacecraft slammed into her, and Kalana moved no more.

Ever since, Zhora had a special hatred for the Saturnians and all the planets whose spacecraft smashed into her planet. This was because Kalana's life was wasted, utterly useless. Zhora had started war that day, and sent the zombies down to wipe out Earth.

CHAPTER 7

Roi Finn equipped himself in his spacechariot and he blasted off, along with thousands of his followers. The Saturnians would pay, though Finn scathingly. They would understand the power of a true Martian.

After a little time, he and his followers landed on Saturn, and Ash, inside his spaceroom, bit his lip.  "They're here, Han. They're here. " he muttered.

 

Roi Finn and his best fighter, Myles, walked out, fingering their favorite space blasters. With a slick lift of the gun, and a twitch of his finger, Finn blasted open the door of Rido Ash's spaceroom, and there the Rido sat, biting his lip, a child standing next to him.

A smile played on the Roi's lips, and the Roi walked up and grabbed the child's collar, saying, harshly,  "What is your name? "

 "H-han, " the young boy fearfully responded.

The Rido suddenly looked up, Saturnian eyes blazing with anger. He put his arms gently around the child, saying,  "You do not harm my Han. "

Han looked pleadingly into Ash's eyes and said,  "Father, please, let's go, "

Ash said to Han,  "Child, the Roi of Mars will stop at nothing to kill me. "

Tears filled Han's eyes, and he said, shaking his uncle gently,  "Oh, please, Rido Ash, do not speak that way, you bring fear to mind, "

Ash gave Han a sad smile and said,  "You speak well, my son, "

Finn shouted, then, suddenly,  "Enough! "

Finn paced around the room, and snatched the red balloon out of Han's hands. Han flinched but did not complain; even he knew the true power of the Martians.

Popping the balloon with a clever twist of the blown up rubber, and savoring the loud sound accompanying it, the Roi said to Ash,  "Ash. Why insult me when we are already not in good terms? "

 "I d-didn't mean for the satellite to get smashed up, "

 "Go on, " said Finn, an icy smile freezing his face.

Gulping, Ash continued.  "It landed in the asteroid belt, and got smashed up with rocks. " The Rido had decided to leave out that the satellite was really for Ingeda Aeryn of Jupiter, as it would offend the Roi even more.

Finn suddenly reared up his blaster, and turning up a small dial of his gun, the Roi of Mars shot Han. Immediately, Han collapsed like a rag doll.

CHAPTER 8

Karanne gulped. Zhora reminded her of her strict mother, who, when Karanne got in trouble, said,  "Karannia Paxen Myt! Listen to me! "

Karanne hated her full name, Karannia Paxen, but her mother was unaware of this, no matter how many times Karanne had told her that she preferred Karanne. Shaking the blurry thoughts out of her mind, Karanne looked up and crawled into the spaceship in front of her. Kairos, from outside the window, saluted Karanne, while Kaiden bowed his head.  "Good luck, Karannia! " he called, and Karanne tucked her head between her knees as the spaceship lifted off. She slowly lifted a helmet to her head, and then, after a while, she landed on Jupiter.

Slowly, she lifted the heavy helmet off her shoulders and looked around her. All she could see was the small, cramped satellite she was in, but when she looked out the large window to her left, she saw the pale white hue of Jupiter's surface. She climbed out, holding the message that Kaiden had devised that showed peace from Venus, and she looked around. She saw a flash of orange, and she saw a woman standing outside her spaceroom, and instantly, Karanne knew that this was The Aeryn, or, Ingeda Aeryn, who needed her message. Karanne nervously went forward and bowed to the Ingeda. Startled, Aeryn looked down and barked,  "Who are you? "

Karanne shut her eyes tight before answering.  "I am ... " Karanne paused, trying to remember the name Zhora had chosen for her,  "..Elise. " she finished, fumbling around the strange Earthen name.

 "I appreciate your intentions. Come, come, " said Aeryn, leading Karanne towards her spaceroom.