---
author: Varsha
categories:
- Uncategorized
date: "2018-01-02T01:53:13Z"
guid: http://varsham.azurewebsites.net/?p=10784
id: 10784
title: Culprit
url: /?p=10784
---

 "Back then, 50 years ago, people used things called &#8216;computers' to search things up..blah, blah, blah ...Scarlett! "

I look up at my red-faced teacher, suddenly awoken out of my stupor, and mutter,  "It's Scarlett _Rose._ "

 "What did you say?! "

 "I said it's Scarlett Rose. "

My teacher finds nothing else to blame for, so, still red-faced, she goes back to her lesson.  "They also used &#8216;electricity' for light ... "

I look up at the light fixture, staring at the holographic light until it loses my interest. And finally, the lesson is over, but when I get up to leave, I see the teacher glare at me as I pass. But, it doesn't matter. I am bored in school because I am high-school smart, but the officials put me in the 6th-grade class with Ms. Beally. Anyway, every weekday is a several-hour-long torture.

I grab my holographic projector and carrier and put the Ipads with my lessons on them in the carrier. Next, I grab my hoverboard from the vehicles stand my school puts out near the front door and  put it on the floor, while I jam the helmet on my messy brownish/reddish hair, and climb into the foldable stiff suit that keeps me from falling that is attached to the hoverboard. I had been named Scarlett because when I grew hair, it was so dark that it looked black, with a little red. Therefore, referring to the color, my parents named me Scarlett.

At last, I lift my heels and bring them down, hard, on the hoverboard, which sets it off, and I am flying in the air. I sail over the road, but then, a holographic boundary blocks me from going any more to the side. I quickly move back from the border, because, although surpassable, you could get a large fine, of about 5 mega-coins, and I finally get home, enjoying the feeling of the hoverboard on my feet.

I climb out of the foldable suit and press the button to fold it up, and then I shove the hoverboard in a little corner in the garage. Not bothering to take my helmet off, I step onto the conveyer belt in the garage to carry me to the door and shout,  "Vincent! I'm home! "

I hear a familiar series of clicking, and I relax when I hear Vincent, our 2036 model robot (Vincent is pretty old), roll up to the door and open it, holding out a pad with a picture of a hand on it.  "Please imprint your hand on the pad to prove your identity. "

I dread The Pad. This  is because it turned very, very, hot, and then very, very cold when you touch it, but in order to get in the house, you have to hold your hand on there for 10 seconds. It does this so that it can take a quick tissue sample to verify that it is me. So, I stretch my hand out and lay it flat against the surface, and at once, my palm is on fire, and I want to take it away, but then, suddenly, it turns cold, so cold, so fast, that my hands sting. I feel as if my hands are being held to a block of ice, and then, when Vincent pulls the Pad away, the  identification is over.  "Hello, Scarlett, " the robot says.

 "It's Scarlett Rose, Vincent, thank you very much, " I say, as I step onto the conveyor belt that leads to the kitchen. My cat,  Ashle, is sitting on the old-fashioned couch next to the belt, and I pick her up and pet her. She purrs in my arms, and as the conveyor belt comes to a stop, Ashle jumps out of my arms, and Vincent rolls in front of me. I sit down on the conveyor belt as it asks me,  "Would you like a snack? "

 "Yeah, sure, " I say because I am very hungry.

 "Okay, " it says,  "the conveyor belt will carry you to the sitting room. "

And it does, carrying my weight easily, and I hear my three dogs, Andromeda, Cyrene, and Fianna barking in another room of our big house. They are adorable, black-and-white Yorkshire terriers, and they are all siblings. But the site that we got them from named them with these horrible names - Andromeda was  "Sweetheart ", Cyrene was  "Barkie ", and Fianna was  "California ". So, we renamed them.

Suddenly, as the conveyor belt gently pushes me into a comfortable, old-fashioned chair(they were my grandfather's, but my mother didn't want to replace them), and suddenly, a bowl of dark chocolate, graham crackers, cranberries, and pretzels plunks down in front of me. I smile up at the robot that gave it to me - Robyn - in thanks, and she nods in turn, and I begin to eat. After finish the whole bowl, I get up,  and step on the conveyor belt, pressing the button on the side of it to make it go faster. I hold tight onto it as I go back into the kitchen, and to the ramp that leads upstairs, where I step onto another conveyor belt to get me to my room. When the belt brings me to my room, I strap on the old-fashioned skates my mother got for me and skated around for awhile, but when I look at the time on the holographic display on my foldable desk, I realize that my 19-year-old sister, Natalia, should have been here a long time ago. So, I tap on the little mini robot on my desk, and say,  "Julye? Where's sis? "

 "Tracking ...tracking, " she says, spinning around on her little dial. I lean back on my bed, impatiently waiting for her to finish tracking.

 "Untrackable. Foreign substance coming closer ....closer ....cl- "

 "Julye! What's the interval! "

 "5 feet. 4 feet. 3 feet - "

 "Julye, what's going on? "

 "Person coming closer. closer. Closer. Coming to the door. On the front conveyor belt, at the door- "

CHAPTER 2

I dive into my bed while saying,  "Julye, mute! "

Just then, I hear a loud voice saying,  "I'm home! "

I hear Vincent go to the door, but instead of its regular speech, I hear a louder, grating sound. I heard that sound the day Dad broke Vincent down when he got upset, the day he left. The day later, my mother died in a car crash. As I'm thinking this, I realize that I'm completely defenseless.

I grab my mini, old-fashioned crossbow and stand up on my skates, an arrow aimed for whoever was coming up, and then, I hear the conveyor belt ramp carrying That Person upstairs, and my arrow holds true. Suddenly, I see the Person's feet move closer to the closed door of my room, and suddenly the belt stops. It is only then that I realize that this person has taken the conveyor belt to my room, and just as I have this thought, the person kicks the door open, and stares at me, my hair a curly mess, still jammed in the helmet, and he smiles creepily. He is carrying a hammer, and I stare at it, unable to think,  "Hello, Scarlett Rose. Your  sister got in a hoverboard accident, and she is no shape to care for you. You will be coming with me, Mr. Frodo, "

 "No! " I yell, my fear ebbing away, replaced with anger.  "You broke down my house robot! Why should I come with you?! "

 "Because, " he says, voice steely,  "You have no. Choice. "

In a lightning-fast movement, he grabs my wrist and yanks me forward, and clutches it all the way out of the house, and only lets go when I am hauled into a car.  "You are too fiery, " he says,  "But you have just the right amount of fire to work my forge, "

I try to get up, try to beat at the glass door that separates him from me, but I see that there are those horrid, prehistoric  _things _ called seatbelts trapping me, and  the seatbelt I'm in is in the lock position, so I can't move, and as the car lifts into the air, I realize that I'm trapped.

CHAPTER 3

 "Come on, Natalie, " said Sam

 "No, " said Natalia Marie,  "I really should be getting to my sisters, "

 "Oh! " Sam cried softly.  "Sisters? What are their names? "

 "It's - it's not important, " Sam was making her nervous, and she wanted to leave.

Suddenly, he grabbed Natalia's wrist and pulled her close to his face where he whispered,  "You _will_ come with me, or else you will never see your  sisters again. "

And with that and a bad feeling, Natalia allowed herself to be led into Sam's car, hoping that her younger sisters, Lily and Scarlett Rose, would be fine, and wouldn't worry.

After a while in the car, Natalia broke the uncomfortable silence and said,  "Samuel? Where are you taking me? "

 "Somewhere. "

 "Can't you just tell me? "

 "No, Natalia, I can't. Oh, look! We're here! "

Natalia peered out of the window, but only saw a prison building. The flying car touched down in front of it, and nervously, Natalia asked,  "Sam, why are we here? "

He didn't answer as he dragged her into the prison room. He didn't even answer as he yanked her up the stairs. But he did answer when he hauled her inside a cage with metal bars, in a white, white office that smelled of bleach. He did answer when he locked her in that cage, despite her furious struggling. He did answer when he smashed the keys he used to lock her up with a hammer hanging on some nails nailed to the wall nearby. He did answer when he gave her a creepy smile:  "We're framing you for a murder. Now sit quietly, little duckling, and you might get a little bread, " and with that, Samuel Smith left, leaving Natalia in shock.

When the shock wore off, Natalia shook the bars, and  shouted for help, over and over, until her throat was hoarse, and it hurt to sound her voice, and she was reduced to nothing. She cried, periodically shaking the bars, the bars that wouldn't budge, and thinking of the keys that wouldn't come back to free her. And then, she heard a young child's voice calling out to her:  "Hello? Are you okay? "

CHAPTER 3

 "Huh? " cried out Natalia.

 "Hello, " said the voice,  "Where are you? "

 "In this cage! Next to the window! "

A little girl leaned over from a cage of her own, behind a large cardboard box.  "My name is Ashwin. Why are you here? What's your name? "

 "My name is Natalia, and Sam-you know, Samuel Smith? Yeah, he yanked me here. H-he said that he was framing me for murder - And I don't know why! " And once again, Natalia was overwhelmed by a bout of tears.  "And-and ... " she said, choking on a sob,  "And I don't know what to do about my younger sisters, Scarlett Rose, only 11 years old, and Lily May, who's only 6! "

Natalia Maye looked up, embarrassed, at Ashwin, but she saw a tear trickling down her cheeks as well.  "They kidnapped my parents, and they're in the hospital now for trauma. No one knows where I am, and no one knows that I exist because _they_ wiped my legal identity. "

 "Th-that's possible? "

 "Of course. They go out of their way to do their cruelest, "

 "Yes, " said Natalia, feeling strangely calmer.

 "Oh, uh ... " continued Ashwin,  "You're being framed for the murder of some child, whose name is Mae Williams. "

 "A child? " gasped Natalia.  "Who would do such a thing? "

 "Apparently _you_ would, but I'm not sure I believe that. "

 "But, Ashwin - how do you know that they plan to frame me? "

 "The walls are thin. At night, I listen close, and I hear them talking, about a '19-year-old girl named Natalia' who &#8216;would be delightful to frame', especially for &#8216;Mae Williams as the mother'. "

 "As the mother? " asked Natalia.

 "Well, that's what they said, but I think they really mean Mae Williams. "

Natalia clenched her fists. She was about to say something else to Ashwin, but suddenly, she heard a loud scuffling sound. Ashwin dove behind the large cardboard box in front of her cage, and Natalia pretended to be asleep against the back wall of her cage, but really, her eyes were open a crack, and she could see another little girl, with familiar reddish-brown, messy, curly hair, and with fierce, piercing eyes.

 "Scarlett? " she breathed, and Scarlett it was. When Scarlett saw Natalia, she gasped, and went limp, and handed with a heavy thud when Samuel threw her into the cage.

 "Scarlett, " cried Natalia,  "Are you okay? "

 "Natalia - why am I here? Has Social Services caught up to us? "

 "No, no, Scarlett Rose ...Ashwin, did you hear anything about a girl name &#8216;Scarlett'? "

Ashwin peered out from the large cardboard box and said,  "No, I'm sorry Natalia. But I did hear something about a girl who went to the Ashweena Hernandez School- "

 "Yes, yes, that's you! Scarlett, that's you!! "

 "Yeah, but how will that help me? We need to get out of here! We did nothing wrong! "

 "Shh ...Scarlett, they might come in here -  "

 "I don't care! If they come in, I will tell them, in their snooty little faces that they're being idiots for locking up poor children for no reason! "

Then, as if right on cue, they heard quick footsteps coming closer. Scarlett's face tear-stained face suddenly morphed from anger to fear, and it stayed that way when Samuel walked in.  "What are you ducklings doing, huh? Now, Natalia, I'm going to need your ID. "

 "No, I won't, " said Natalia loudly.

Sam leaned close, his face between the bars, and before he could say anything, impulsively, Natalia slapped him hard, and his face slammed against the bars. Sam's eyes narrowed to slits and the imprint of the bars and Natalia's hand remained, clear as ever. Natalia bit back a smug smile. There was no point in angering Sam any more than she already had.

 "First of all, Sam, " began Natalia, backing well away from Sam,  "why do you want my ID? "

 "So you can disappear, you idiot. No one wants a little brat around. "

 "Oh, so if I'm the brat, then what are you? "

 "I am an authoritative figure, and you _will_ give me the ID, or else, when we take Lily May, she will pay, "

 "Lily May? Can't you leave her alone? "

 "Give me the ID, Natalia. "

While handing him the ID, she said,  "I can't believe how cruel you are. What do you want? "

 "Acceptance. You will pay for humanity. " And with that, Samuel Smith turned on his heel and walked out of the room.

Scarlett Rose stared at her sister.  "I can't believe that you slapped Sam. I thought you would really get it that time, "

 "Actually, the identity was fake, you know, Scarlett? " said Natalia.

 "I really couldn't believe that I did it, either, " admitted Natalia, after a pause. Suddenly, she saw something glinting in Scarlett's cage.  "Hey, Scar? What's that? "

 "Natalie, are you okay? Because I'm in a cage, hello? "

 "No, in the grooves at the bottom of the cage, at the edges. "

Scarlett looked and saw the glinting object as well, and Ashwin exclaimed,  "Oh, Scarlett, try to pry it out! It's a key! "

CHAPTER 4

Scarlett's fingers ached, but it was worth it. In her hands, in front of her, was a grimy key.  "Does it fit? Does it fit? " cried Ashwin.

 "Let's see, " said Natalia.  "Scarlett, can you try opening your door? "

 "You bet! " said Scarlett, and she got to work, twisting the key in the door, and suddenly, they heard a beautiful sound.  _Click_. Their breathing was the only sound in the room, and Scarlett opened her cage door. She had escaped.

Stifling a whoop, Scarlett freed Ashwin and her sister, and they tiptoed towards the door of the office. Then, Natalia had an idea.  "Hey, Scarlett - toss me  your cage's key, "

Although with a questioning look, Scarlett gave her sister  her cage's key, and Natalia tucked it carefully into her messy redhead bun. Seeing this, Scarlett Rose smiled at her sister's ingenuity, and all of them peered outside of the door. Suddenly, they saw Sam walking calmly by. Gasping, Natalia pulled all of the younger children back, and they stumbled backward. Natalia peered out of the door, and finally seeing no interference, she beckoned to Scarlett Rose and Ashwin, and they crept silently out of the office. Then, they went slowly, and finally, they made it to the exit door. Natalia went outside with Ashwin and Scarlett, and the door swung silently closed. They had escaped.

There was a pleasant breeze, and the sun was shining. But their pleasure of being free was short-lived. They heard a deep voice behind them, saying,  "Hands up and turn around slowly. You're under arrest for the murder of Mae Williams. "

CHAPTER 5

The threesome turned around slowly, and suddenly, Ashwin cried,  "Daddy! "

The police officer's apathetic expression flickered, and then dropped when he recognized his daughter. His darling Ashweena.

 "Ashwin, come here. "

She walked obediently to her father, and said,  "Taller one's Natalia, the shorter one's Scarlett. Older one gave Sam a fake ID. Natalia has another sister at home, named Lily May. She's 6 years old, and the perfect age to use against them. "

 "Good, Ashwin! You're doing very well as an inside agent. "

Natalia's jaw dropped, but  Ashwin's eyes were just hard. Hard and cold.  "How could you, Ashwin, how could you? I trusted you! "

 "Well, " Ashwin replied, curtly,  "you shouldn't have. "

The police turned his attention to Scarlett and Natalia.  "Natalia, your trial is tomorrow. If you lose, then you have a life sentence, and your sister will not be allowed to college. If you win, the real culprit will be caught, but I doubt it. "

Natalia and Scarlett were led into  a large cell, equipped with two sheets, two beds, and two buckets.

 "You will be staying in here. Your trial is in a week. "

And that was that.

The girls fidgeted in their scratchy beds, the sheets not helping at all. And there was no privacy - they had to use the bathroom in front of the jailor, who smiled creepily at them, while they covered themselves as well as they could with their sheets. And just like this, the rest of the week was torture.

Finally, it was a week later, and Natalia's nervousness reached a climax. She dreaded the trial, because of what was at stake.  _Scarlett's education. If she lost the trial, Scarlett would be carted off to Social Services, forced to live with a foster family._

Just as she anticipated, the officer came in, saying,  "Natalia. Your trial. "

Feeling sick, Natalia got to her feet, just as she heard her sister say loudly,  "I want to be there. I want to be there for Natalia! "

In response, the officer roughly yanked Scarlett to her feet and marched both of them to his car.

Natalia leaned against the car door, and Scarlett squeezed her hand. It was only then that Natalia realized that her sister was crying.

CHAPTER 6

Natalia was thinking about Ashwin's betrayal when she walked into the courtroom. It was huge, and people she didn't know sat on long red seats, and in front of the seats was a fence-like boundary. The fence wrapped around the front half of the room, where 8 stern-looking judges sat, at the very front of the room on high seats. One of the judges carried a small gavel and an inch thick book in front of him. Scarlett held tight to Natalia's hands, but she was quickly dragged away by the police officer to one of those red, red, seats. After seating Scarlett, the police officer thrust Natalia forward, and then, all of a sudden, she was the center of the judge's intimidating gaze.

She was mute with shock-she was now hit with the idea that she was actually  _in a courtroom._ Fulfilling a destiny she had not planned for herself. Natalia took a deep breath and allowed herself to be pushed in front of the high desks and chairs, amidst a chilling silence.

 "You understand your wrong, do you not? " said the judge loudly.

 "Do you plead innocent? "

 "Yes! " gasped out Natalia.  "Yes, I plead innocent! Please, just- "

A man behind her in one of the red seats said loudly,  "Shush! ", which sent the courtroom into a pandemonium. The judge banged his gavel, and the room silenced.

 "Continue, Natalia. "

 "I'm not the murderer - I  was framed. I was kidnapped from a building when I was packing up to go to work, and some man named Samuel Jacob Smith grabbed me and brought me to a place called the Jail Room, where he dragged me up the stairs- " Natalia choked on a sob,  "and he threw me into a cage ... "

A pause, and then-

 "He threatened to hurt my younger sisters! H-he said that if I didn't cooperate, I would never see my younger sisters again! I swear I did nothing! I swear! I didn't murder Mae Williams! Please, I did nothing- "

 "What name did you mention? "

 "M-Mae Williams? "

 "No. Your alleged captor. "

 "S-sam. Samuel Jacob Smith. But he really did cap- "

 "Samuel. An old enemy. Did you know that he has framed many before my eyes? "

 "No, sir, I didn't know sir, "

 "Very well. All in favor of innocence of suspect? " All the judges raised their hands.

Natalia felt so dizzy, and just before she was dragged out of the courtroom, she saw Sam, on one of the long red seats, glaring at her furiously, and she remembered screaming,  "There he is! " And everything went black.

CHAPTER 7

Natalia woke up in a hospital bed. She tried to sit up, but couldn't, because her legs were aching. They felt like bricks.Suddenly, she saw a familiar face leaning over her. She couldn't remember who it was, but it was definitely someone she knew. Someone she recognized when they said,  "Hey. Natalie. It's me, Scarlett Rose. "

Natalia stared up at her sister, and at last, her features came into focus.  "Sister- " she croaked.

 "Sh, Natalia. I'm here. I promise. You're not imagining. "

 "Good ... " said Natalia, getting her voice back.

Suddenly, Natalia heard voices coming towards her.  "Scarlett, who's that? "

 "They're the doctors walking along the halls. "

 "Oh, "

Natalia relaxed, her strength renewed.

At the end of the day, she checked herself out and was about to return home, but a nurse told her that she had to oversee the funeral of Mae Williams because Mae's family had invited her.

So, wearing a beautiful black dress, Natalia went with Scarlett to the funeral. Strangely, Mae's body was long for a child's. When they put petals on the body, Natalia realized that she recognized the face.  "That's my mother, " she said softly. Scarlett agreed, and said to everyone,  "Why does Mae Williams look exactly like my mother? "

A kindly man asked Scarlett,  "Do you have a picture of your mother? "

 "Yes, I do! I do! " she thrust a photo she took from her sister's handbag at him.  "Mauritania Marie. "

He looked at the picture intently and compared it to the body. At last, he came up with the discovery that Mae Williams was not Mae Williams at all, but actually Natalia's mother - Mauritania Marie.

 "Why is my mother there, then? "

 "Someone killed her, " said one person.

The man that asked for Mauritania's picture asked Mae William's family,  "How did the alleged Mae Williams die? "

 "Well, she died in a car crash. "

 "Does she exist? "

 "Yes! She's our daughter! But they wouldn't let us see her face when they tried to save her in the emergency room! "

After a long investigation, which took many months, led by the authorities, it was found that Mauritania Marie was killed because someone had set her car on fire. The authorities looked at the car and found an igniter, and the fingerprints on the igniter were Sam Smith's.

Sam Smith was the culprit. He would always be a culprit.